Jamshoro is a big city in a place called Sindh, in a country called Pakistan.
Some animals, like birds, have different colors depending on whether they are boys or girls. The boys are usually very dark, like black or dark brown, while the girls are a bit lighter, like a mid-grey color.
She really likes hearing about the big land, but shes sad to learn that people who live in boats dont get to visit it.
In Thailand, people made many statues of Buddha, and almost all of them were pictures of Buddha.
In 1979, a big war happened in a country called Cambodia. The Vietnamese army took over the capital city, Phnom Penh, and the bad leaders, Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge, had to leave. This was a very sad time for the people of Cambodia.
Goa is a city in a country called India.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a special book in the Harry Potter series. Its the sixth book that tells a story about Harrys adventures.
Do you know who the leaders were in some countries a long time ago? In the Soviet Union, it was a man named Lenin. In another country called East Germany, it was a man named Ernst ThÃ lmann.
A long time ago, in 1718, Great Britain declared war on Spain. This means that Great Britain decided to fight against Spain.
Dakota City is a town in a state called Iowa, in the United States. Its also the main town in a special area called Humboldt County.
A long time ago, in 1889, some people wrote songs about a man named Joseph. They used his words to make the songs.
A long time ago, in 1989, he was honored to be part of a special group of football players who are considered the best of all time. He was inducted into a special hall of fame, which is like a big award for being an amazing football player!
Gnissac is a small town in a place called France, in the southwest part of the country.
Mr. Ernst Raven was sent to a new job in a state called Texas.
The island is really, really long - 22 miles! And its also very wide - 8 miles across.
There are many people who help pay for the event. Some of them are from the government of Austria, some are from the people in charge of the town of Vorarlberg, and some are from big banks.
A long, long time ago, about 76 million years ago, the Rocky Mountains started to form. This happened because the Earths crust was pushed together, making the mountains rise up.
Theres a small town called Mézières that is part of a bigger area called Pays-de-la-Loire in a country called France.
Celosia cristata is a pretty flower that people often grow in their gardens in China and other countries.
A long time ago, three friends started a band called Blink. One of the friends, Tom, played the guitar and sang. Another friend, Mark, played the bass and sang. The third friend, Scott, played the drums. They all worked together to make music!
Berlancourt is a small town in a place called France, in a region called Picardy, in the north part of the country.
Two days after that, he made a big decision to play for the Giants for two whole years!
When we spin something really fast, like a cup of milk, tiny drops of liquid can form and fall down.
A long time ago, in 1999, a group of people made a special set of rules for making websites. This set of rules is called HTML 4.01, and its still used today to help make websites look nice and work properly.
When we decide on something, everyone agrees on it. If someone tries to add extra numbers to a list, they might not be allowed to make changes anymore.
A long time ago, people thought that the damage to the property was worth about $73 million dollars.
A special box called a reliquary is used to keep a very important and special object, like a piece of a saints clothing or a bone, safe and protected.
In June 2007, a big concert was held on a field where people like to play sports.
When you wear geta sandals, you dont need to wear socks. You can wear them with special Japanese clothes or with clothes you wear at home.
A live USB is a special kind of stick that can hold a whole computer operating system. You can plug it into a computer and it will start working like a real computer, without needing to install anything!
Fort Meade is a town in Florida, where people live and go to school.
There is a special place called Cherokee County in a state called North Carolina.
Juan Diego Flórez is a very good singer from a country called Peru. He was born on January 13th, 1973. He sings in a special kind of music called opera, and hes especially good at singing high notes. He likes to sing in a style called bel canto, which means beautiful singing.
A long time ago, in 2003, a singer named Carrie Clark (thats what her name is really called, not Clarkson!) made a big album called Thankful. It was her first big album, and it came out in the United States on April 15th.
A long time ago, he took control of some big farms in the middle and west of Japan. Then, he chose people to take care of the farms and make sure the people living in the surrounding areas were safe.
When a bowler throws the ball, they cant throw it again right away. But they can throw the ball again and again from the same spot, as long as they dont throw it from a different spot.
If you have any questions about Wikipedia, you can ask them at the special help desk or the community room.
There is a city called Albert City in a state called Iowa, in the United States.
The Lachlan River flows from west to south and ends up in a big wetland called the Great Cumbung swamp, near a town called Oxley. Its between two other towns called Hay and Balranald.
A long time ago, the capital city of this state was a place called Goiás. Now, Goiás has a lot of green space, which is the most in any city in Brazil. Its also one of the best in the whole world!
Some doors have a special part that helps them open and close. This part is like a spring that makes the door go up and down, so it can be lifted up and rest on the floor when its open.
This man is very good at writing stories and facts. He won a special award for one of his books, and its the sixth time someone has won this award for a book about a man named Kafka.
Do you know when the PlayStation 3 was first sold? It was released in Japan on November 11, 2006. Then, it came to North America on November 17, 2006. And finally, it arrived in Europe and Australia on March 23, 2007.
There are about 250 million people in the world who follow the Orthodox way of life.
There are many languages spoken in the Pacific Ocean, but some of them dont belong to two big groups of languages: the Austronesian languages and the Australian languages. These languages are called Papuan languages.
A long time ago, in June 2003, a computer program called Azureus was first made available for people to use. It was called Azureus when it was first made, but later it was changed to Vuze.
My uncle was a very important man named Carlo Borromeo. He became a saint later on, and people still remember him today.
Look at this color! Its called Palatinate Purple. Can you imagine a big, rich grape thats almost black, but still a little bit purple?
1917 was the year that a man named Frank Perconte was a very important soldier in America.
A long time ago, around 1600, a group of people called the Ndebele lived in a valley near a river. This valley would eventually become the city of Pretoria.
There are animals that live in the open fields and forests of Africa. You can find them in special places like the Serengeti in Tanzania, the Masai Mara in Kenya, and the Liuwa Plain in Zambia. These places are very special and protected by the world.
Theres a place called Pieds in a country called France. Its in a region called Picardy, which is in the north of France.
Patrick Vieira is a soccer player. He was born a long time ago, on June 23, 1976, in a city called Dakar.
There is a sports team called Unione Sportiva Pistoiese 1921. Its a soccer team from a place called Pistoia, in a region called Tuscany.
Do you know the band At the Disco? They made a special album called A Fever You Cant Sweat Out.
Bubba Sparxxx made his first album called Dark Days, Bright Nights and it came out in September 2001. He recorded it at a special place called Beat Club.
There is a very big painting in France of a man named Saint Michael. He is one of the most famous paintings of this kind in France.
January 13th - A very important meeting happened in a town called Troyes. A group of knights called the Knights Templars were officially given permission to be a special order by the Pope, who is like a leader of the church.
The New York Jets are a team that plays football. They are based in New Jersey, near New York City. They play for the whole New York area.
A long time ago, on March 13, 4 BC, a special event happened in the sky that we call a solar eclipse.
There are some languages that are very similar to English, and they are called the Frisian languages.
Ned Kelly is a movie about a man named Ned Kelly who lived in Australia a long time ago.
Do you know how sometimes we use special short words on our phones and computers? Like btw for by the way or lol for laugh out loud? Many people use the same special words when they text, chat, or post on social media.
Two popular games for the PlayStation console, Crash Team Racing and Crash Bash, were very popular in the United States. They sold a lot of copies - 1.9 million and 1.1 million, respectively.
This is a special name for a big gun that shoots explosive balls.
A man was put to death for a very bad crime he did in 1880. He was in a special prison called Old Melbourne Gaol.
A long time ago, a man named Johann Maelzel made a special tool called a metronome. He took some ideas from another man named Winkel and used them to make his own version, which he called Maelzels Metronome. He started making it in 1816.
C. She went to a big university called Brown University when she was 18 years old.
A long time ago, in ancient Greece, people made beautiful paintings on vases. One of these paintings shows a boy playing with a yo-yo!
Here are some towns in a state called Queensland, in a country called Australia.
There is no agreement between North and South Korea that says they will stop fighting, so they are still technically at war.
A long time ago, a special place called the Priory of St Marys was built in a town called Bushmead.
After a big skating competition in 2003, Meissner was chosen to be on a special team. She went to another competition and won a bronze medal, which is like a small trophy, on a level thats just for beginners.
A long time ago, this radio station was owned by a big company called Trans World Communications. Now, its owned by another company called Bauer Radio. Its part of a group of radio stations that Bauer Radio has, and theyre called the Big City Network.
He was very good at writing and teaching, and people in a place called Lhasa liked him a lot.
There are many kinds of quartz, and some of them are very pretty and can be used as special stones, like jewelry.
The Cloudless Sulphur is bigger and its a really bright yellow color.
Saignon is a small town in a place called Provence, in a country called France. Its in a special area called the south of France.
A is the first letter in the Russian alphabet.
A long time ago, there was a big disagreement in the Roman Catholic church. Two groups of people were in charge, and they couldnt agree on who should be the leader. One group was in Rome, and the other group was in a city called Avignon. This was called a schism, and it was a big problem for the church.
The Fray is a band from Denver. They made a special album called How to Save a Life that has lots of songs on it.
This place is near a big hill called the South Downs. Its close to a city called Brighton, and not too far from another city called Chichester.
When you blow bubbles with soap, they form a round shape with a shiny, colorful surface that looks like its changing colors!
A long time ago, a big piano was carried over the mountains to a lady named Nevins mom.
Roseau, a city in a country called Dominica, has a special office that helps keep track of numbers and figures. This office is part of a bigger group that helps make decisions about money and planning for the country.
Do you want to learn about the team called the Washington Capitols? They used to be called the BAA team.
There are two special numbers on the board that are the same as the numbers we rolled.
Robert Barnhart wrote a special book called the Barnhart Dictionary that helps us learn where words come from.
A man named Foster was the leader of Ohio for a long time. Later, he helped take care of the countrys money and finances when a president named Harrison was in office.
A long time ago, in 1963, two people named Roberts and Butts started getting messages that made sense. They were talking to a special person, and he told them his name was Seth. He was a man, but he was talking to them from inside his mind!
Mr. Gingold was happy to see that the boy was doing well. He decided to teach the boy how to play the piano. By the time the boy was 12 years old, he really loved playing the piano and it was all thanks to Mr. Gingolds help.
Big Ben is a really big clock tower that has four faces and makes a loud noise to tell the time. Its also one of the tallest buildings in the world that people can walk around.
When a cold weather system meets a warm weather system, something cool happens. The warm air gets pushed away from the center of the storm, and thats called an occluded front. Its like when youre playing with a big bubble and someone pops it, and the bubble gets pushed away from the center of the bubble.
A long time ago, in the year 1447, the week started on a Sunday. Can you imagine what the calendar looked like back then?
When we add other things like dirt to the project, it can change how it looks.
This building was opened in 2002. Its really, really tall - 145 meters high! It has 35 floors, which is a lot. Its one of the biggest and most modern buildings in our country, and its also one of the tallest in Latin America.
A lot of people have enjoyed reading this book since it came out. Its like a new story that happens after the adventures of Tom Sawyer.
The bad guys, called the Empire, are building a new, super-powerful spaceship called the Death Star. Its going to be even bigger and stronger than the last one!
There is a special mountain pass called Mintaka Pass. Its also called Minteke Pass. Its a very high place.
Do you know where Mont-Saint-Éloi is? Its a place in a country called France, and its in a special area called Nord-Pas-de-Calais. Its like a big neighborhood with its own government and rules, and its where people live and have homes.
A long time ago, people built a lot of the building that we see today. It was used as a big church and is one of the longest churches in the whole country!
Kyoko Cox is a famous musician. She was born on August 3, 1963. Her moms name is Ono. Her dad is a man named Anthony Cox. She has a brother named Sean Lennon. Hes also a musician. Kyoko and Sean are half-siblings, which means they share one parent, but not both.
A long time ago, in the 1980s, a man named Dave Grohl started playing music. He was in a band called Scream, which was a kind of loud and energetic music. He played the drums for this band.
Coal is a special kind of rock that is black or brown. Its often found in layers, like a big puzzle, in the ground.
Do you know what Canadian English means? Its the way people in Canada talk. Just like how we have our own way of speaking, Canadians have their own special way of talking too. Its like a secret code that only Canadians can understand!
The blue box is 9 big cubes put together.
He has two friends with him. One is a big bird called a crane, and the other is a slow-moving turtle. They are special friends because they are very old and can live a long time.
A nanosecond is a really, really small amount of time. Its one billionth of a second, which is like a tiny fraction of a second.
Here are some extra notes and information about a big war in Spain, written by a man named Hugh Thomas.
The football team called the Rams let go of a player named Warner. Two days later, Warner signed a new contract with another team called the New York Giants. They promised to pay him money for two years if he played for them.
Do you know what a game is? A long time ago, in 2003, a special game was made. It was so good that it won a prize called the Adventure Game of the Year award. This prize is given to games that are really fun and exciting to play.
The Library of Congress has a very long book that teaches people how to write in Braille. It has almost 200 pages in it!
There are two ways to spell the language of the Faroe Islands. Some people spell it Faeroese, but most people use the spelling Faroese. This is the way its written in books, in dictionaries, and in articles about the Faroe Islands.
This is the 8th story in a series of 12 stories about Scrooge McDucks adventures.
The band chose a name by looking at a book of stories called the Bible and picking a word that they liked.
A long time ago, in 1086, a big book was made to show who owned all the land in England. This book was called the Domesday Book, and it was made for a king named William, who was known as William the Conqueror.
There is a sports team called Corinthians. Its from a big city in Brazil called São Paulo. They play a game called soccer, and most people know about the soccer team.
Lama Zopa was very important because he helped start a special place called Kopan Monastery, where people can learn about Buddhism. He also helped create a group called the Foundation for the Preservation of the Mahayana Tradition, which is like a team that helps keep the teachings of Buddhism alive.
Lets live with honor and be brave, or well die trying to be brave too.
George Bush has four other brothers and sisters. Their names are Jeb, Neil, Marvin, and Robin. Sadly, Robin died of a sickness called leukemia when she was very young, about 10 years ago.
Beyoncé is a famous singer from America. She sings a song called Suga Mama.
Theres a town called La Flèche in a place called France. Its in a special area called the Loire region, which is in the northwest part of the country.
This book was very special because it was chosen as one of the best books of 2006 by a group called the American Library Association. It was also one of the best books of 2005, as chosen by the New York Times newspaper.
A long time ago, a king named Edward was hurt very badly by someone who wanted to hurt him. This happened on a day called March 18th, in the year 978.
A long time ago, in 1942, it was first called San Rafael.
When we want to make things cooler, like a car or a computer, we use special liquids that help make them cooler.
The Last Show: A special musical performance that our school did in 2005.
Colorado is a state in the western part of the United States. Its also part of a group of states called the Mountain States and the Southwestern States.
When we cook corn, the special strings that hold the corns insides together start to break, and the corns natural sugar is released.
A long time ago, in 1788, a man named Arthur Phillip arrived in Australia with a big group of people from England. He was in charge of the group and they sailed to a place called Sydney Cove.
The Premier League is a big soccer league in England.
Warminster is a town in a part of England called Wiltshire. Its not right in the middle of the road, but its close to two other towns called Frome and Westbury.
Tom Snout is a handy man who fixes things.
A long time ago, a man made a special watch that was shaped like a drum. It was small and portable, and he made it when he was staying in a special place called an asylum. This watch could keep going for 40 hours before it needed to be wound up again.
When one persons body is donated, it can help save many other peoples lives.
Some people were being very loud and upset, so the police used a special spray to calm them down. Then, some of the people who were being loud and upset were taken away by the police.
A long time ago, there was a special airplane called the Messerschmitt Me 262. It was the first airplane in the world that could fly using a special kind of engine that made it go really, really fast!
His dad was a famous actor who made movies about fighting, and his mom was a teacher. He had a sister who is also an actress.
The weather can change very quickly, even just a short distance away.
Do you know what Cowboy Bebop is? Its a really cool TV show that was made in Japan a long time ago, in 1998. It was made by a man named Shinichir Watanabe, and a woman named Keiko Nobumoto helped write the story. A company called Sunrise made it happen!
Here is a list of animals that live in Australia and have scales, like snakes and lizards.
A given name is a special name that tells us who someone is, especially in a family. Its like a nickname, but its a name that is used by everyone in the family, not just one person.
A long time ago, on March 9, 1846, two countries made a special agreement to stop fighting. This agreement was called the Treaty of Lahore and it marked the end of a big war between them.
Some people think that the problem wasnt with the person who wrote the music, Haydn, but with the words that were used in the play. Haydn was still very good at writing music when this happened, but the words didnt work well together.
Louis Lassalle was born into a rich family. His dad was a businessman who sold silk. He wanted Louis to learn how to be a good businessman too, so he sent him to a special school in a big city called Leipzig.
Chesters team played their games at a big stadium called the Deva Stadium.
A long time ago, the British people sent people to North America who had done something wrong, and they had to work hard for a certain amount of time to make up for it.
There are special kinds of paper that are shaped like long, thin strips. They get smaller and smaller as you move towards the North Pole and the South Pole.
A long time ago, in a country called Persia, there was a very important king. He was called the King of Kings and he ruled for a very long time, even after a big empire called the Parthians stopped working.
A long time ago, in 1621, the Mayflower ship sailed from a place called Plymouth to go back to England. It took a few days, and then it finally arrived in England on May 6, 1621.
A long time ago, in 1891, there was a man named Father Coughlin. He was a priest in the Catholic Church and he liked to talk on the radio. He was very good at it and people listened to him all the time. Sadly, he died in 1979.
A long time ago, in 1664, New Jersey became a part of a country called England.
A lot of people in India and other countries love and worship a special god named Ganesha. Many people who follow different religions, like Jains and Buddhists, also like and respect Ganesha.
The Short-beaked Echidna is a special kind of animal that lays eggs, just like some other animals. This is very different from most other mammals, like you and me, who have babies instead of eggs.
Page 93, Isaac Titsinghs book.
There was a special computer program called Metacritic that looked at what famous movie critics thought about a movie. It added up all their opinions and gave a score of 18 out of 100. This score was based on what 16 different critics thought about the movie.
Our brain and spinal cord work together to help us think, move, and feel things.
Wario is the bad guy in Warios Woods. He wants to take over the whole forest and be in charge!
Davis was very involved in the project. He worked so hard that it started to feel like his own project.
When scientists write about animals, they often use two names. One is a short name, like a nickname, and the other is a longer name that scientists use to describe the animal. The short name is usually written on the side of the page, next to the longer name.
A long time ago, many countries from all around the world joined together to fight in a big war.
A long time ago, there was a big sickness called the Gothic Plague. Then, the government made a rule called Fixed Penalty. After that, people started buying weird toys called Rocket Baby Dolls.
Do you know what a big book about music is called? Its called the Oxford Companion to Music and it was written by a man named Percy A. Scholes. He wrote it a long time ago, in 1938, and then he wrote more about music in 1978 and other times too!
Darin is a singer from Sweden. He was born on June 2, 1987. People call him Darin. He sings pop music and is very good at it. He even got to be on a TV show called Idol and came in second place!
The Earth has six big parts called continents, and they stick out of the water to make land.
A long time ago, a man named Pope Pius VI didnt agree with a special law that the government in France made for the church. This made the church even more separate from the rest of the country.
Some people in India have dug up old bodies from graves.
Some people dont follow the same rules when naming things, so its not always the same.
Touët-sur-Var is a small town in a part of France called the French Riviera.
In the year 2005-2006, he became a senior athlete. This meant he got to compete in a special competition called the Grand Prix, because he had already won a big competition called the Junior Worlds.
There was a famous conductor named Solti. He had a very shiny head and was very strict when it came to practicing music. People started calling him The Screaming Skull because of his loud and serious way of teaching.
When the song Love Machine was first made, a special version of it was included on a list of all the songs. But it was actually on a different list, called a compilation list.
When she was 15 years old, she got married to a man named Frank.
Some countries dont let kids repeat a grade. In Canada and the United States, its okay to repeat a grade if someone needs to. This can happen from kindergarten all the way up to high school.
A long time ago, in 2000, there were 36,081 people living in Duncanville. By 2008, we thought there were about 42,500 people living there.
Kamakura is a city in Japan. Its about 50 kilometers west of Tokyo, which is a big city in Japan.
The southern and western sides of the park are surrounded by a big, old garden that used to be a special place for the emperors flowers. Now, its called Gülhane Park.
A long time ago, on September 16, 1824, a man named Charles X became the king of France.
Emden is a very old town, but nobody knows exactly when it was first built. We do know that it has been around for at least 1,000 years!
Most of Antarctica is covered with a thick layer of ice thats at least 1.6 kilometers thick. Thats really, really deep!
The event was held in a special place called Marina Bay for the third time.
Apulia is a place in Italy. Its located on the sea, and its surrounded by water on three sides. The sea is called the Adriatic Sea, the Ionian Sea, and the Gulf of Taranto.
The part of our body that helps us relax and feel calm is called the rest and digest part of our nervous system.
A long time ago, in 1909, there was a very talented actress named Magda Schneider. She was from Germany and she lived a long time ago until 1996.
There are really big waves crashing on the west coast of Jamaica. They are about as tall as a big swimming pool!
There are about 13,400 people living in this city. The city is very good at making leather things, like shoes and belts. There are over 400 special places where they make leather, and they are spread out over a big area of about 17 square kilometers.
A long time ago, on April 1, 1881, the city of Berlin became its own special area, separate from the state of Brandenburg.
They go outside and ride on special machines called props to catch up to their friend.
Hammondsworth, England, and New York are places where a company called Penguin Books is located.
A long time ago, in 2003, a musician made a special group called Puscifer. He made music for this group on the side, and it wasnt until 2007 that he released the first album that Puscifer made.
Jérémy Menez is a French soccer player. He was born on May 7, 1987. He plays soccer for a team called Roma in Italy. He can play many different positions on the field, like a fast runner on the outside and a player who helps his team make good passes.
In 2001, she did something very special in a big skating competition. She was the first woman to do a very hard jump move three times in a row, and then another jump move. She got a silver medal for her amazing performance!
These two kinds of plants grow in small, pointy seed pods. They have a thin, paper-like covering and tiny black seeds inside.
Next, Stuart tries to fight, but John McClane is too strong. He knocks Stuart off the plane, but John is able to open a special door that lets him get some air.
A long time ago, a man named Sucre wanted to make a new country. He got help from the people in the area and named it after a famous leader named Simón Bolívar. But when the country was first made, it was called the Republic of Simón Bolívar.
A long time ago, in 1927, a man named Norworth wrote a new version of a song.
This is a small area in Italy. Its not very big, only about 405 square kilometers. There are about 840,000 people living there. Thats a lot of people!
When someone who wasnt a king or queen dies, they might get a new name after they die, but people still call them by their old name.
The tramway takes a lot of people on a ride every year. It carries about 6,500,000 people!
David and Jaime have two kids. Their sons name is Jaden, and he was born on May 1st. Their daughters name is Bella, and she was born on August 31st.
Adam Baldwin liked playing a character named Jayne Cobb because he loved watching old western movies when he was a kid.
Do you know what the thyroid gland is? Its a big gland in our body that helps us grow strong and healthy. Its not the same as the parathyroid glands, which are also in our body, but they do different jobs. Just like how you have different jobs in school, like reading and writing, our body has different glands that do different things to keep us healthy!
The river in Kansas City starts to move towards the east and then flows into the state of Missouri. In Missouri, it meets up with another big river called the Mississippi River, just north of a city called St. Louis.
There was a music video made for a song, and it was very good! A man named Chris Robinson made it. It was nominated for a special award at a big TV show called the MTV Video Music Awards. But it didnt win. Another singer, Missy Elliott, made a music video that won the award instead.
Heath Ledger was born in a city called Perth, in a place called Western Australia. His mom, Sally, was a teacher from France, and his dad, Kim, was a driver who liked to go fast and a builder who made machines. He came from a family that had a special business called a foundry where they made things like cars and machines.
As of December 31, 2009, a lot of people had bought the Game Boy Advance. In fact, more than 81 million people had bought it!
The flag of Poland has two horizontal stripes. The top stripe is white and the bottom stripe is red. They are the same width and go across the flag.
He also wants to get to a place called Dryland. He has some fights with a man named the Mariner while hes trying to find his friend Enola.
Were going to make a special car in 2015, and well use it in 2017.
The Battle of the Somme was a very important and sad event in World War I. It was one of the most expensive battles of the war, which means many people got hurt or died.
A long time ago, some musicians used special machines to record their music. They could record each instrument separately, like a guitar or a drum, and then play them all together at the same time. They also made a special kind of loop with tape, like a big circle, and played it over and over again.
From 1984 to 1994, he was the leader of Germany.
The Earth gets warm from the Sun and from inside the Earth, and that warmth makes the wind blow.
A long time ago, Otis Redding performed in front of a lot of people who were mostly white. It was his first big show in front of a crowd like that.
Hafnarfjörður is a special place where big ships come to visit. Its located on the west coast of Iceland, near a city called Reykjavík. Its about 10 kilometers south of Reykjavík.
This place helps over 54 million people every year!
WWE makes a lot of money from special events that people can watch on TV, like wrestling matches.
Grass is a very special book. It has won many awards from all around the world. In 1999, it won the biggest and most important award for books: the Nobel Prize for Literature.
A long time ago, the people called the Uyghurs moved away from a big mountain range in a country called Mongolia.
Theres a town called Les Mujouls in a part of France called Alpes-Maritimes. Its in the south of France.
Wood Dale is a town in a state called Illinois, in the United States.
The Short-beaked Echidna is a special kind of animal that lays eggs, just like some other animals. This is very different from most other mammals, like you and me, who have babies instead of eggs.
A long time ago, this place was called Aldwych. But then, another place called Charing Cross on the subway was also changed to a different name, and thats why this place is now called Aldwych too!
A long time ago, some rules were made stronger by a king named James. But later, another king named William made some of those rules weaker.
Do you know how you can make a special kind of computer disk that can run different kinds of operating systems? Its called LinuxLive USB Creator, and its a free program that you can use on your Windows computer to make these special disks. You can use it to try out different kinds of operating systems, like Linux, without having to install them on your computer.
Twister is a movie from 1996 about two people, Helen and Bill, who like to drive around in a special car to find out about big storms called tornadoes.
On July 26, a big storm came to the islands of Martinique and Barbados.
Do you know how we can talk to people who speak different languages? Theres a special kind of computer program that can help us talk to them. Its called a machine translator, and it can turn our words into words that the other person can understand.
Theres a small town called Menai Bridge on a special island called Anglesey, which is in a country called Wales.
About half of the people are boys, and about half are girls.
Paul Gray was a musician who played drums in a band called Slipknot. He liked to wear a fake name, called Paul Gray, so people wouldnt know who he really was.
A long time ago, in 1994, a special award was given to the album because it was very popular and sold a lot of copies. The award is called 2x Platinum and it means the album sold a lot, a lot more than most albums!
A long time ago, the Ottoman Empire wanted to control Wallachia, a country in Eastern Europe. To stop them, they put a young prince named Vlad III in charge of the country. This was a clever move to keep Wallachia safe from being taken over by the Hungarians.
There was a special episode of a TV show called Stargate Atlantis, and it was called Trio.
A long time ago, in 2006, there were 761,137 people living in this place. But some people think that there might be even more people living here now, maybe as many as 1.2 million!
Theres a place called Le Marais-la-Chapelle in a country called France. Its in a special area called Normandy, which is in the north of France.
There is a big train stop in a place called Shibuya, in a city called Tokyo, in a country called Japan.
There is a town called Thir in a place called France, in a region called Pays de la Loire, which is in the west part of the country.
Each flower petal is split into two parts, and its usually white or pink, but sometimes it can be yellow or red too!
Coulaines is a town in a country called France. Its in a special area called the Loire Valley, which is in the northwest part of the country.
Kuala Lumpur is the special place where the leaders of Malaysia meet to make big decisions for the country.
Page 89, Isaac Titsingh
Townsville is a big city that is located on the east coast of Australia, in a state called Queensland.
A long time ago, on April 23, 1921, a new county called Charlotte County was created.
A long time ago, in 1895, there was a man named Levi Eshkol who was the leader of a country called Israel. He was very important and helped make big decisions for his country. Sadly, he passed away in 1969.
Yemen is a country located in a special place called the Middle East. Its on the southern part of a big land called the Arabian Peninsula. Yemen is surrounded by three big bodies of water: the Arabian Sea, the Gulf of Aden, and the Red Sea.
For a very long time, since 1935, you can see the picture of both sides of the big seal on the back of a one-dollar bill.
In some mosques, theres a special room called an iwan that looks out onto a big, open space called a courtyard. This courtyard is where people go to pray.
Tsing Hua is a great school, and were very proud of it. We promise to be good students and work hard for you.
The bone that makes up our lower jaw is called the mandible. It holds our bottom teeth in their proper place.
A long time ago, a man named Wells came up with a special word called a time machine. Now, everyone uses this word to talk about a special kind of car that can take you through time!
Fairfax County is a big area, but Virginia Beach is the biggest city in the state of Virginia. Its also one of the biggest cities in the whole country! In 2008, there were about 440,415 people living there.
So it must be a number that has more than two factors, like 4 or 6.
Handel was born in a country called Germany, at the same time as two other famous musicians, Johann Sebastian Bach and Domenico Scarlatti.
Theres a really tall building in Hong Kong called the Harbourfront Landmark. It has 70 floors and is 233 meters tall, which is almost as tall as a football field is long!
A long time ago, in Ireland, there was a big election. Many people didnt even bother to vote, but one man named Collins won the election and became a special representative for the city of Cork.
A long time ago, in 1180, a man named Manuel I Komnenos died. He was the last person to be in charge of a group of people called the Komnenians.
From 1961, this car was called the Ford Taunus Transit.
Hides brother, Jin, used to play the guitar in a band called Pay money To my Pain.
A long time ago, a special kind of grass got very famous. It won many awards from all around the world. And in 1999, it was even given the biggest and most important award for writing: the Nobel Prize for Literature!
The caterpillars special sleeping bag, called a chrysalis, looks very much like the sleeping bag of a Monarch butterfly.
The tallest point in Tallinn is 64 meters high. Its located in a neighborhood called Nõmme, which is in the southwest part of the city.
The tiny cells called phagocytes can move around by following a special kind of food trail that helps them find where to go.
The trains class is important. Class 08 trains were made to look like a special train called Class 11. They were made a long time ago.
Isaias will play for our team next year.
There is a sports club that belongs to a company called Red Bull. They have a team that plays in a big soccer league in Brazil.
Hannah Montana: The Movie is a fun movie that is based on a popular TV show called Hannah Montana. Its a movie that has music and dancing in it!
A long time ago, in a country called Rome, they made a special coin called a denarius. It was made of silver and was used to buy things. The first denarius was made a long, long time ago, in 211 BC.
When the football teams play in the big game called the Super Bowl, the two teams that win the game get to pick the last two players in the draft. The team that wins the Super Bowl gets to pick last.
The Enclave car won a special award in 2008 because it was one of the best new cars that cost over $60,000.
A long time ago, two kings, Ladislas from Poland and Hungary, were fighting against the Turks. But the Turks, led by a powerful leader named Sultan Murad, were too strong and won the battle.
Do you know what a rock band is? A rock band is a group of people who play music together. Theres a band called Kansas that was very popular a long time ago, in the 1970s. They made music that people liked to listen to on the radio. Some of their songs were really catchy and people loved singing along to them. Two of their most famous songs are Carry On Wayward Son and Dust in the Wind.
Level 1: Regents Park - This is where our adventure begins!
There is a special area called Pistoia in a region called Tuscany in Italy. Its like a big county where people live and have their own government.
Theres a big mountain on the north side of a place called the Drôme. Its like a big wall that touches the Drôme.
February 2nd, 1887, was a special day in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania. It was the first time people celebrated Groundhog Day!
Lleyton Hewitt is a very good tennis player from Australia. He was the best tennis player in the world for a long time!
A pentomino is a special shape made up of 5 identical squares that are connected together. They can be connected in different ways, like a puzzle, and thats what makes them so fun to play with!
A little while later, a big high-pressure system moved over the area and started to push Blanca away from the ocean.
January 1 is a special day when some countries in the Middle East, called the Gulf Cooperation Council, decided to work together and create a new kind of money system.
Hodgenville is a town in a special place called LaRue County, in a state called Kentucky, in the United States.
Some animals have a special hair on their necks that is dark and short. Boys and men also have a black stripe on their faces and black spots on their necks.
This person liked to learn about words and meanings, and he also liked to think about big questions about life. He really liked to follow a man named Hegel, who taught him a lot about those big questions.
A long time ago, a small town was built in a country called the Netherlands.
Only 3508 special cars called Cosworth Vegas were made between March 1975 and March 1976.
Our mouth has special glands that make a special liquid called saliva. This liquid helps us chew our food and keeps our mouth healthy.
Khashoggis song was made with the help of Mercury, and they all worked together to write the words.
Six other cities wanted to host the Olympics, but the International Olympic Committee (IOC) didnt choose them in 1996.
When its daytime, the TV channel shows the same news as a special version of a TV channel called CNBC Europe, but in Turkish.
Theres a special area called Delta that is part of a bigger city called Vancouver. Its like a smaller town that is connected to the bigger city.
There are two big universities in Little Rock. One is called the University of Arkansas at Little Rock, and the other is called the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences. Both universities are in the city of Little Rock.
A long time ago, in the year 2000, a man named Ong Kian Choon started a school.
A long time ago, there was a giant named Ymir. When he died, his body broke apart and became the Earth and the oceans. The sky was connected to the Earth by a special bridge called the Bifrost Bridge. A superhero named Heimdall guarded the bridge to keep everyone safe.
A long time ago, they performed for many people in Austin. In 1978, they made a special album called Seven Worlds that was all by itself, not just a few songs.
The number k is a special number that tells us how strong a spring is. Its like a magic number that helps us figure out how much force a spring will use when its stretched or squished.
The train were talking about was built using a special design that was used by another train, the LMS 12033 series. Later, it was changed to be called the TOPS Class 11.
Goulburn is a big city in a special area called the Southern Tablelands in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Its part of a group of cities that work together to make decisions.
The movie is about a famous outlaw named Ned Kelly who lived in a place called Victoria, a long time ago.
You are very special, Lord Jesus. You are the most important person in the world, and the baby you carried in your moms tummy is also very special.
He plays soccer for a big team called Olympique Lyonnais. He also gets to play for his country in big games!
When we bake with chocolate chips, they usually stay the same shape. Thats because they dont have as much special oil in them as baking chocolate does. This special oil is called cocoa butter, and it helps baking chocolate melt and get all gooey when we heat it up.
A long time ago, there was a very important man named Boutros Boutros-Ghali. He was a leader in a country called Egypt and he also helped make big decisions for the whole world. When he was in charge, the United Nations (which is like a team of countries working together) was paying attention to some very sad and scary things happening in the world. For example, there was a big fight in a country called Yugoslavia, and there was a terrible war in a country called Rwanda where many people were hurt.
A long time ago, in 1710, a man named Handel became a very important helper to a king named George. This king was in charge of a place called Hanover, and later he became the king of a big country called Great Britain.
When Magnus Carlsen was 15 years and 31 days old, he became the youngest person to get a very high rating of 2625. This was a big deal because it meant he was one of the best chess players in the world at that age!
When the city of Port Elizabeth was chosen to host a big soccer tournament called the World Cup in 2010, the people in charge decided not to fix up the stadium that was already there.
In a country called Italy, there are some people who live in a special place called Piedmont. Some of these people also live in another place called Veneto.
A long time ago, the Romans built a special fort called a castrum. They named the place Castrilocus, but later they changed the name to Montes because the fort was built on a hill.
In the game Super Smash Bros. and its friend game Super Smash Bros. Melee, theres a character named Fox. He looks just like he did in another fun game called Star Fox 64.
Kicking a big boot at someones chest
There were a lot of houses in a certain area. In fact, there were 19,812 houses, and they were spread out over a big area. If you were to draw a map of that area, you would see about 20 houses for every square mile.
There is a soccer player named [players name] who plays for a team called Fenerbahçe in a big soccer league in Turkey.
Theres a special museum in a big castle where kings used to live. Its called the Museet på Koldinghus.
David Jarolim is a soccer player from a country called the Czech Republic. He plays soccer for a team called Hamburger SV.
A long, long time ago, in 1257, a church was built. Later, people made some changes to it in the 1500s.
There are two kinds of long-distance running events. One kind is when runners have to run a certain number of miles. The other kind is when runners have to run as fast as they can for a certain amount of time, and the person who runs the most miles in that time wins!
Giuliana Fallaci was a very important person who lived in Italy. She was born in a city called Florence.
When two lines are the same length, the dot product is like a special way to measure how close they are to each other. Its like a secret code that tells us how much they match up, or how much they point in the same direction.
Do you know who David Hockney and R.B. Kitaj are? They were famous artists who lived a long time ago. A long time ago, in 1961, there was a big art show called Young Contemporaries. It was like a big party for artists, and it was there that a new kind of art called Pop Art was born. And guess what? One of the artists who was at that party was a man named [Artists Name]! He was part of a new group of artists who liked to make fun and colorful art, and thats how he became famous!
There is a special medal called the Bronze Medal of Military Valor. Its given to people who have shown bravery in the military. The King of Italy gives it to them.
There is a team called the Atlanta Thrashers that plays a fun game called ice hockey. They live in a city called Atlanta in the state of Georgia.
Do you know what Selenium is? Its a special kind of element that is found in the world around us. Its like a tiny building block that makes up some things we use every day. Its also known by a special symbol, Se, and its really, really small - only 78.96 times smaller than a tiny grain of sand!
The land is very hilly and rocky. It has big hills that are rounded and soft. The air is very dry and it doesnt rain much. In fact, it only rains a little bit every year, about 800-1000 millimeters. Thats not a lot of rain!
A long time ago, three friends started a band called Blink. One of the friends, Tom, played the guitar and sang. Another friend, Mark, played the bass and sang. The third friend, Scott, played the drums. They all worked together to make music!
Who wrote their name without a title, like Mr. or Mrs., at the beginning?
A long time ago, in the 1904 Olympics, the winners of the first three medals were given gold, silver, and bronze. This tradition has been used in many other sports competitions ever since.
A long time ago, a king named Shapur II led a small army to fight against some people called the Arabs. He was very good at leading his army and they won the battle. This helped him take control of the southern parts of his kingdom.
One side of the formation is a very tall wall that goes up to the sky, and its about 200 feet high.
She was very close to winning a big tennis tournament three times. She also won a special tennis tournament with a friend named Nathalie in 2007.
When a special part called a trigger is touched, a tiny thread inside a special cell called a cnidocyst comes out and goes into the body of the thing its touching.
Theres a legend about a big, hairy creature that lives in the mountains of Nepal and Tibet. Some people call it the Yeti or the Abominable Snowman.
A long time ago, this movement was called the New Negro Movement. It was named after a book called The New Negro that was written by a man named Alain Locke in 1925.
The person playing the guitar used their fingers to stop the extra strings from making a loud noise.
The East Coast of the United States is the part of the country that touches the ocean. Its where you can find states like New York, Massachusetts, and Florida. It even goes all the way up to Canada!
A long time ago, in 1991, he met a girl named Terri at the park. He was showing people how to do something fun there.
The famous baseball team called the New York Yankees has stopped wearing the number 7 jersey because its a special honor.
Do you know what butterscotch and toffee are? Theyre both yummy candies! But theyre made a little differently. Butterscotch is made with sugar thats boiled until its soft and chewy, like when you take a piece of sugar out of the oven and its still warm. Toffee, on the other hand, is made with sugar thats boiled until its hard and crunchy, like when you drop a piece of sugar into cold water and it hardens. Thats why butterscotch is softer and chewier than toffee!
A long time ago, the city of Athens won a big fight, but the king of the other city, Cynegeirus, got hurt and died.
The first song from the album is called You Dont Know Me (Like You Used To) Remix.
There was a mysterious man who wore a mask and a hood. He was known as Joseph Mercury.
One day, he saw something strange on the ground. It was a special kind of color that he had never seen before. It was a purple color, and it was called mauveine. It was a special kind of dye that people use to make purple things.
Some people are not sure what will happen to this area in the future. The government of Denmark is trying to decide whether to move it or not.
April 2 - A very important document called a Charter of Justice was signed. This document gave the power to create the first courts in New South Wales, which is now Australia. These courts would help solve problems and make fair decisions in two main areas: crimes and regular problems.
There is a group of mice called Neotominae that belongs to a bigger group of mice called Cricetidae.
A special decoration is put at the top of the Christmas tree to represent the angels or the special star that guided the three wise men to Jesus birthplace.
When he was four years old, he could play 40 different songs on the piano. The next year, his mom started teaching him how to play even more songs.
There is a big church in a city called Hereford in England. Its been there for a very long time - over 900 years!
Bolton is a big town that has many smaller towns and villages around it. All of these towns and villages are connected to Bolton and work together to make a bigger area called the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton. Bolton is the main town where important decisions are made.
Theres a special kind of rock called black shale. Its hidden under the ground, but you can find it in a few places near a town called Field in a big park called Yoho National Park.
A long time ago, in the 12th century, a special church was built near a lake where people used to dig for salt. The church is called San Giovanni.
St. Matthews is a big city in Kentucky. Its not the biggest city, but its one of the 20 biggest. Its also close to another big city called Louisville.
A long time ago, in 1923, a special place called the post office opened up in Caulfield Junction. And its still open today!
Theres a place called La Mothe-Achard in a country called France. Its in a special area called Vendée, which is in the west part of France.
There is a small lake or pool that is 20 meters below where we are right now.
This dinosaur was smaller than another dinosaur called Carnotaurus. It had some special features, like its arms were very short and it didnt have many fingers.
A long time ago, in 1961, a new kind of superhero called the Fantastic Four was created. This was the start of a new kind of superhero stories that many other superheroes would be created from.
Brine is a special kind of water that has a lot of salt in it.
Kotor is a very special place that is protected by the world. Its part of a big group of places that are important for nature and for our history.
Theres a song called Cold Hard Bitch that was very popular in the United States. It was the second song to reach the top of two special music charts, and it was also on a bigger music chart that shows the most popular songs in the country. This happened in May 2004.
For a long time, starting in 1954, RAI shows the whole event on TV for everyone to see.
Yesterday, he wrote a special paper about a hero named Ulysses and told us why he likes him.
A long time ago, from 1991 to 1993, a person named James made two special music albums called Analogue Bubblebath. He made them under a different name, AFX, and also made another album called Bradleys Beat, which was made by someone named Bradley.
The radius is one of the two big bones in our arm, the other one is called the ulna.
Scrambled eggs are yummy food made from eggs. We crack open the eggs and mix the white and yellow parts together to make a tasty breakfast!
A long time ago, in 1804, he gave some money to a man named Talleyrand to buy a big house called Château de Valenay, which was far from the city of Paris.
Potassium is a special kind of element that we find in nature, but its always mixed with other things to make a special kind of rock called a salt.
A big mudslide happened and it covered a lot of ground. It was as long as 10 miles and as wide as 5 miles.
Meet the richest duck in the world! His name is Uncle Scrooge. The story takes place on Christmas Day in 1947.
Jan Polák is a very good soccer player from a country called Czech Republic. He was born on March 14th, 1981, in a city called Brno.
April 1st is a special day when people like to play tricks on each other. Its called April Fools Day!
The Chapel is a special building where people go to pray and also where they have fun events like concerts and parties for college students.
Meet David Jauss. He was born on January 16, 1957, in a city called Chicago. David is a very good baseball coach. He helps a team called the New York Mets. He wears the number 56 on his jersey when he plays with the team.
Two people, Somerville and Dixon, were questioned by the police in 1996. Someone at a store called Boots the Chemist was worried because they saw a picture of a 7-year-old boy in the bathtub.
Some people think that the book was written by more than one person. There are clues in the book that show that two names, Agur and Lemuel, might be connected to different parts of the book. Its also possible that the book was written by different people at different times.
Many people loved playing Tetris, and it was especially fun because you could play it anywhere, even on the go!
A long time ago, in 1953, a special TV show was broadcast on a TV station in Los Angeles. It was a new kind of TV show that showed pictures in 3D, and it was a special episode of a show called Space Patrol.
Latina is a big city in Italy. Its the capital of a special area called Latina, which is in the middle of the country.
A long time ago, in 1933, the country was making a deal with another country. Many people thought this deal was unfair and made Iran feel like it didnt have control over its own country.
When you want to make something happen faster, get louder!
Do you know the famous video game Super Mario Bros.? Well, there was another game that came out after it, and its called Super Mario Bros. 2. It was first released in Japan on June 3, 1986.
The countrys main exports are things like oil, chocolate, coffee, wood, and fruits. This means that many of these things are sent to other countries to be used or sold.
According to a special book about music, a man named Felix Mendelssohn is the person we are looking for.
Lets visit the Virginia Museum of Natural History in Martinsville, Virginia!
Beyoncé was in Egypt to make a music video for her new song.
Theres a place called Tiffauges in a country called France. Its in a special area called the Vendée region, which is in the west part of France.
Max Schweitzer was born in a place called Kaysersberg. When he was a kid, he lived in a small village called Gunsbach. His dad was a pastor, which means he helped people understand Gods teachings. He taught Max how to play music, which Max loved to do!
Memmingen is a town in a special area called Swabia, in a country called Germany.
When we make a tapestry, we weave the threads in a special way. We hide the threads that go up and down (called the warp threads) inside the finished picture, so theyre not visible. This is different from making a regular piece of cloth, where you can see both the threads that go up and down and the threads that go across (called the weft threads).
Imagine you have a bunch of different colored pencils in a box. Each pencil has a special color, like red, blue, or green. In a special way of thinking about groups of things, called tuples, we can say that each pencil has a specific color, and we can also say how many pencils are in the box. This way of thinking helps us know exactly what each pencil is and how many there are.
Later, the two men found another truck with lots of things that could hurt people. But when they met the girls again, they tried to take the truck from them. Luckily, a man named Columbus had an idea. He said, Why dont we all travel together and be friends? And thats what they did.
A long time ago, in the year 2000, there were 454 people living in this town.
A long time ago, 3512 soldiers who fought for the Union were buried in a special place called a cemetery. Unfortunately, we dont know who 979 of them were, so we cant put names on their graves.
The ice rink is cleaned every night by pouring water under the ice to make it smooth again. Its a very special rink because its the biggest one made from natural ice in the whole world!
The band changed their style a lot when they made a new album called Signals in 1982.
To make the computer work on a special stick, you need to type two words into the computer. You can type either usb-creator-gtk or usb-creator-kde into the computers special box called the command line.
When Donalds uncle had to go to the Navy, he couldnt take his nephews with him. So, Scrooge took care of them.
Eugene is a big city in the state of Oregon. Its the second biggest city in Oregon and its also the main town in Lane County.
The boat anchor that New Zealand made is still being used today, since 2004.
Next year, in 2011, a big soccer game called the Rugby World Cup will be held in a country called New Zealand.
Gary Glitter was a famous singer and musician who used to make music a long time ago. He was born in England on May 8th, 1944.
Falls Church is a special city in Virginia, USA. Its not part of any other city, and its close to Washington D.C.
The doctors came and took him out of the game because he got hurt.
Do you know what people in New Orleans like to eat? They like to eat red beans and rice, and its a very popular food in New Orleans. They even cook it at home and in restaurants!
A long time ago, there was a king named an emperor. We dont know exactly when he was born or died, but we think he was king for about 32 years. He lived a long time ago, over 2,500 years ago!
The Amazon River is the biggest river in the world. It gets water from a huge area, and it carries a lot of water away from the land. In fact, the Amazon River is so big that it carries about one-fifth of all the water that flows into the ocean from all the other rivers in the world.
A long time ago, in 1982, a group of musicians got together to form a band. They made a special record called Hit Squad for God in 1983, which is like a short album with 7 songs on it.
Caldwell County is a place in the state of North Carolina, where we live in the United States of America.
Greenville is a big city in South Carolina. Its the sixth biggest city in the whole state!
When we have a number that doesnt change, like 5, its power is 0.
A tonne is a big unit of weight. Its like the weight of a swimming pool filled with water. Its a way to measure how heavy something is.
A brush is a tool with soft or hard hairs or strings that we use to clean, style our hair, paint, and even fix things like furniture.
Some tools help us figure out what a healthy weight is for a person, but they dont actually measure how much fat is in their body. They just use a persons height to make an estimate.
Theres a really tall building in New York City called 40 Wall Street. It has 70 floors and is one of the tallest buildings in the city!
Some people who pick fruit climb up tall palm trees and use sharp knives to cut off branches that are full of yummy berries.
A band with a secret name went to a special room called a studio to make a special record called Tales Told by Dead Friends. They worked with a helper named Lee Dyess to make it sound great!
A long time ago, a man named Juan sailed to a new land called South America.
Shaw and Crompton have three special churches: one in Shaw, one in High Crompton, and one in East Crompton.
A big storm called a hurricane hit the islands of Hawaii. The wind was very strong, blowing up to 100 miles per hour! The ocean was also very rough, with waves as high as 30 feet in the air.
When we say a word, we use our voice in a special way. This is called pronunciation. Its like how you say your name, or how you say a favorite word, and its different for everyone!
A long time ago, in a place called France, there was a lady named Marie. She was born in 1136 and lived until 1182. When she was a grown-up, she was in charge of a special place called Boulogne, and she was called the Countess of Boulogne. She was in charge from 1159 to 1170.
Richards wrote a special book about playing the banjo. Its called the Bluegrass Banjo Chord Bible and it has a lot of different chords to help you play music.
A man died in a place called Bad Ischl, near a city called Salzburg, in 1948. He was also put in a special place to rest there.
A long time ago, in 1829, some European people came to this area and were given permission to build a home there.
This band went on a big tour in 2003 and 2004. They even got to perform on a TV show called Austin City Limits, which is very famous!
Alex hit his first big baseball home run on June 20. He hit it against a player named Denny from the Milwaukee Braves team.
For the first three years, there were two special winners each year, and all of those shows were shown on MTV.
Baseball is a fun team game that lots of people play all around the world.
Most people who live in Alaska originally came from the forest, and they still live there today. They get food and other things they need from the forest, just like their ancestors did.
A long time ago, the author thought this series would have three books. But now, we have four books and there are three more that will come out soon!
A long time ago, in 1908, he went to a special school called Uppingham School. He went there for five years.
Hills and Dales is a town in a state called Kentucky, in the United States.
Hilary is 2.5 years older than her sister.
Do you know what a PC is? Its a special computer that people use at home or in school. A long time ago, on July 4, 2002, a new version of a computer game called Recon was released. It was the first version of the game, and it was very exciting!
Instead, Stoddart started racing in a special car series in the United States.
Theres a town called La Colle-sur-Loup in a part of France called the Alps. Its in a region called Alpes-Maritimes.
There are about 102,400 people living in this town, and more people are moving here every day!
When you need special things to help you, like a shield to keep you safe, you have to put them together from different parts.
Some animals like to live in the woods where the trees lose their leaves in the fall. They like to hide behind the leaves and also under the moss that grows on the tree trunks.
A long time ago, people found some old bones that were very far away from where other people found similar bones before. Those other bones were found in Africa, but these new bones were found in a different part of the world.
John Svoboda wrote 80 songs for a man named Gott.
Zenwalk is a special kind of computer program called Linux that helps people do lots of fun things on the computer, like watch videos, play games, and make new things with computers.
It looks like a little bird flying, but its wings are not spread wide like a big birds wings.
In April 1998, a friend of the bands guitarist, John Frusciante, came to visit him at home. The guitarist was so happy to see his friend that he started crying and said, I would be the happiest person in the world if I could play music with my friends again.
Theres a place called Cong-sur-Orne in a country called France. Its in a special area called Pays de la Loire, which is in the northwest part of France.
A long, long time ago, in a place called Greece, there was a special place called Olympia where people used to have big games called the Olympic Games. They were held for over 1,000 years, from around 800 BC to 500 AD.
Sarah was the wife of Andrew Jacksons son. Andrew Jackson was the president of the United States a long time ago.
The studio is located in a place called Shrine Hills, in a city called Davao, in the Philippines.
A long time ago, there was a city called Troy. It was an important city in a place called Asia Minor. The people who lived there called it Wilusa or Truwisa. The Greeks and Romans also knew it as Ilion or Troia. We still call it Troy today!
This city has a big area and a lot of people living there. There are 22,381 people who live here, as of a certain time in 2004.
Marle is a town in a place called France, in a region called Picardy, in the north part of the country.
He ran really fast across the road and then he fell down.
Sarah Jane Smith and her robot dog Mark came back in a TV show episode called School Reunion that happened in 2006.
Its similar to a contest where people wear wet shirts and its usually for women.
Rocky Rapids is a small village in the middle of Alberta, Canada. Its part of a bigger area called Brazeau County.
We will use the same list of names for the 2012 season, so we dont have to make a new list.
Someone very special was chosen to be in a special place called the Baseball Hall of Fame. He was chosen on January 9th, and he got to go there on July 29th.
A long time ago, in 2003, they joined a music group in Stockholm, Sweden.
Do you know the movie Mad Max? Its a big action movie that was made in Australia in 1979. It was directed by a man named George Miller, and he also wrote the story. He worked with another man named Byron Kennedy to make it happen.
When translating something, its okay if it doesnt fit exactly into the original text. Sometimes, the words or sentences dont match because the languages are very different. In that case, we can put the translation in a separate paragraph or on the next page.
A long time ago, on February 14, 1845, a new county was created. It was named after a place called Oregon, which is in the northwestern part of the United States.
This place is close to a big train station called Burley Park. You can also take a bus from nearby streets like Kirkstall Road, Cardigan Road, and Burley Road.
A long time ago, there was a king named Darius who ruled a country called Persia.
When he was just 10 years old, he played the organ in front of a big audience for the very first time!
The three big rivers that come together to form a river are the Carcoar River, the Belubula River, and the Abercrombie River. They all meet near a town called Cowra.
There is a special group in the United States government that helps decide how to spend the countrys money.
The three big rivers that come together to form a river are the Carcoar River, the Belubula River, and the Abercrombie River. They all meet near a town called Cowra.
Lisa tricks her dad Homer into letting her ride the bus by herself, but then she gets really lost and cant find her way back home.
There are three newspapers that are published in Sleaford. They are called The Sleaford Target, The Sleaford Citizen, and The Sleaford Standard.
A long time ago, in 1935, she played a sport for her country, Czechoslovakia, in a big competition in Warsaw. She won the game 9-0, but then she lost the next game, so she ended up with a score of 0.
Terry Butcher was a very good football player a long time ago. He played for two teams, Ipswich Town and Rangers, and was known for being very brave and good at defending the goal.
Salamis Island Salamis Island is a special place in Greece. Its where a big battle took place a long time ago. The story of this battle is very famous and has been told in many old poems. One of the most famous poems is called the Iliad, and its about a war called the Trojan War.
Spring Mill is a town in a state called Kentucky, in the United States.
Do you know the story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? It was written by a man named Robert Louis Stevenson, who was from Scotland. He wrote this story a long time ago, in 1886. Its a very famous book that people still read today!
Do you know what NASA is? Its a group of scientists who study space! On March 6, 2008, they said that a planet called Rhea might have a very thin, sparkly ring around it.
When we eat peas, some people like to add a little salt and pepper to make them taste better.
Theres a town called Moulis-en-Médoc in a place called France. Its in a region called Aquitaine, which is in the southwest part of France.
James Van Der Beek is a famous actor. He was born on March 8, 1977. He is known for playing a character named Dawson in a TV show called Dawsons Creek.
When we talk about kimonos in English, we usually say kimonos. But in Japanese, we dont say kimonos when we talk about many kimonos. Instead, we just say kimono and its understood that were talking about many of them.
A long time ago, on June 25, 1950, North Korea sent soldiers to invade South Korea, which made things very bad and turned into a big fight.
There are about 4.5 million people living in the Republic of Ireland and about 1.8 million people living in Northern Ireland.
A special and fancy version of the book Every Second Counts was made.
A long time ago, in 1938, Austria became part of a big group of countries called the German Third Reich. This was a very sad and scary time for Austria and its people.
Burley is a neighborhood near Leeds, England. It has lots of houses that are painted red and have gardens. These houses were built a long time ago, from 1899 to 1903. There are also parks and green areas where people can play and relax.
Kyoto is a big city in Japan. Just like other cities in Japan, Kyoto has one person in charge, called the mayor, and a group of helpers called the city council.
There are three big cities in China that have special trains called MOVIA. The trains in Guangzhou, Shanghai, and Shenzhen are the same kind. But the trains in Bucharest, which is a city in a different country, are a different kind called MOVIA 346.
The City Hall building was built in a special style that was popular when Napoleon III was in charge.
This picture shows a special bird with a golden body. Its holding a cross in its beak and two other things in its claws: a club and a sword.
The Lions are a sports team from Vancouver, British Columbia. They play their games at a big stadium called BC Place in the city center. A long time ago, they played at another stadium called Empire Stadium, which is in a different part of the city. They played there from 1954 to 1982.
A long time ago, in 1801, a man named Joseph Johnson in London printed a book in three parts. Later, someone else printed it again in 1986.
In some parts of Canada, like Manitoba, Ontario, and Quebec, people can speak both English and French in the government buildings where laws are made. This means that laws are written in both English and French, so everyone can understand them.
A long time ago, from 1760 to 1820, there was a king named George III. In 1801, the countries of England and Ireland became one country together, called the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
A long time ago, in 1784, a man named Sir Francis Forbes was very important. He was the head judge of a special court in a place called Newfoundland. He was also the first person to be in charge of a special court in a place called New South Wales. He was a very important person and did a great job!
This game uses a special tool that helps it know how the player is moving. To play, you have to spin around and twist your body in different ways.
The next year, they won the championship again, and they also won a big trophy called the European Cup for the very first time! But they didnt win another big trophy called the FA Cup, so they didnt get a special prize for winning all three.
Do you know what Match Game is? Its a TV show where people try to guess what someone is thinking or feeling. It first aired on a TV station called NBC in the daytime from March 1964 to January 1975. Then, it came back on TV again in a different way, from September 1974 to September 1975. And then, it came back one more time, from October 1978 to March 1979. All of these times, the host of the show was a man named Art Fleming.
A long time ago, in the 1860s, a town was built near a big creek called Mandagery Creek. It was a special place because many people were traveling to a place called the Lachlan gold fields, and the creek was right in the middle of the road they were taking.
John was born in a country called Norway. He grew up in a city called Port Arthur, which is in Canada.
In some parts of Africa, where its not very crowded, people called the Igbo mostly grow food like corn and yams.
A Chapel Royal is a special room in a big house where the king or queen of Canada or the UK goes to pray and relax. Its like a private chapel just for them!