A long time ago, the city was chosen to be the main place where the British government made decisions for the area.
Radle was a very important person in the band. He didnt just play music, he also helped plan and arrange the songs, and one of the most famous ones was called Motherless Children.
A long time ago, in the 1930s, Mercedes-Benz was a big part of a racing competition called Grand Prix. They had a team called the Silver Arrows that was very good at racing, and they competed against another team called Auto Union.
When thallium is in a special state called oxidation state +1, its compounds are very similar to the compounds of potassium and silver. This is because thallium is a metal that is similar in size to potassium and silver.
This is a type of game that you can play on a handheld console called the PlayStation Portable.
This place is very well-known because of a huge lake thats right there. Lots of people visit this lake because its so beautiful and fun to explore.
There are four kinds of dolphins that live in rivers and coastal areas where the ocean meets the land.
Park taught at a school in a town called Mungyeong for a few years. The school is now a special museum where people can visit to learn about the past.
In 1861, a very popular magazine was printed and sold 84,000 copies. It was considered the most widely read magazine in the world at that time.
Some people think that this subject is a part of a bigger field called political science. But others think its a special kind of study that combines many different subjects, like a puzzle with lots of pieces.
When it comes to adding lists of numbers that never end (like the digits of pi), most editors agree that its not allowed. If someone tries to add these lists, they might get blocked from editing without being told first.
Fundu Moldovei is a small town in a county called Suceava, in a country called Romania.
This country is in the middle of Switzerland and its main city is called Zug.
After a big war in 1967, Israel was willing to give up a piece of land called the Golan Heights in exchange for peace with Syria. But Syria didnt want to talk about it, so they refused to negotiate.
Roblox is a safe place to play online because it follows two important rules to protect your personal information. Its also a company that is trusted by many people and organizations.
In the 1904-05 season, the Aberdeen soccer team wore a special shirt with black and gold stripes. Because of this unique shirt, the team became known as the Wasps.
When a famous opera singer named Helene Berg died in 1976, it was just six months before a big opera performance was supposed to happen. This meant that a new version of the opera had to be made, and a composer named Friedrich Cerha was chosen to do it.
The camp site had everything it needed, including its own power, food, toilets, and a big room for activities.
After a while, the bands drummer, Jordison, had an idea to change the name of the band to something related to one of their songs that was on their first demo recording.
This is one of the most impressive and biggest ancient monuments in Europe, built over 5,000 years ago.
Moara is a small town in a county called Suceava, in a country called Romania.
When making a custard, people usually add just a little bit of vanilla flavor to it. But sometimes, they like to add other flavors like chocolate, fruit, or even a special drink to make it taste even better.
A tomb is a special place where people put the bodies of their loved ones who have died.
Neuville-Bourjonval is a small town in a region called Nord-Pas-de-Calais, in the north of France.
Dante, Petrarch, and Boccaccio are also known as the Three Great Writers or the Three Famous Poets.
Xfce is a free computer program that helps you use your computer. Its like a special way to make your computer work, and its used on computers that are similar to each other, like Linux, Solaris, and BSD.
The TV show was renewed for another season, and it started in October 2007.
Fish sticks were first made in a town called Great Yarmouth, 50 years ago.
The area of Falls Church, Virginia is only 515 hectares, which is the smallest area of any county in the United States.
The storm ended the next day.
Stamford Bridge is a big stadium in a place called Fulham, in the city of London. Its where the football team Chelsea plays their home games.
Asda is a big store in the UK that sells food, clothes, toys, and other things you might need.
The Zob Ahan Football Club is a team that plays football in a city called Isfahan, in a country called Iran.
Cornu Luncii is a small town in a county called Suceava, which is located in a country called Romania.
A long time ago, when the League was first created, a man named The Great Peacemaker gave it a special name.
In the same year, Russia kicked the organization out, but it was allowed to come back in 2007.
The 1260s is a decade that started on January 1, 1260, and ended on December 31, 1269.
There is a town called Saint-Pierre-dAurillac in a region of France called Aquitaine, which is in the southwest part of the country.
The islands in the Torres Strait have been home to people for at least 2,500 years, and some people think it might be even older.
Theres a big road called State Road 540 that runs from east to west in a part of Florida called Central Florida. It helps people get around in a county called Polk County.
During World War II, a man named Lavrentiy Beria, who was in charge of a secret police group, used a special device called the Buran to secretly watch the American, British, and French ambassadors who were living in Moscow.
Each group in the city made its own special contribution, and people were able to make and sell things, and also learn new things.
When baby birds are hungry, their parents bring them food and then throw it back up into the baby birds mouth. This food is called crop milk, and its a special liquid that the parent birds make in their own stomachs to feed their babies.
Jonathan Walker is a musician who plays rock music. He was born in Chicago, Illinois, and used to play the bass guitar for a band called Panic!
Isbergues is a small town in a region called Nord-Pas-de-Calais, in the north of France.
Zadar is the main town on the mainland where the island of Silba is located. Its also the main town in a county called Zadar County.
In 1909, a neighborhood called Gerresheim joined the city of Düsseldorf.
Lescheroux is a small town in a region called Ain, which is located in the eastern part of France.
When a volcano erupts in a very special way, it shoots up huge columns of hot air and tiny particles of ash all the way into the upper part of the Earths atmosphere, called the stratosphere.
Bridgit Mendler is a famous American actress and singer. She was born on December 18, 1992.
The British Rail Class 350 train, also known as the Desiro, is a special kind of train that runs on electricity. It was built by a company called Siemens from 2004 to 2005 and again from 2008 to 2009.
The moon that orbits around the planet Uranus is also called Uranus II.
The Blackhawks mascot is a big bird named Tommy Hawk. He wears four special feathers on his head, along with a jersey and pants that match the teams colors.
The Ural Mountains are a long mountain range that runs from north to south through western Russia. They stretch from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Ural River in Russia, and then continue into the northwestern part of Kazakhstan.
After Germany gave up without fighting, the government in Flensburg was not accepted by the countries that were fighting against Germany. When the leaders of the Flensburg government were caught by British soldiers on May 23, 1945, the government was officially ended.
Chamber music is a type of classical music that is played by a small group of instruments, like a string quartet or a piano trio. Its called chamber music because it was originally played in the rooms of big houses, like palaces.
Constantine won a big battle in a place called Cibalae, which is now in a country called Hungary, on October 8, 314.
His career in politics lasted for almost 60 years, from 1917 to 1973. He held many important jobs, including being the leader of the country and the head of the government. He played a big role in creating the Constitution of Ireland, which is still used today.
Satoshi Taira was born on July 16, 1970, and he used to play football for Japan.
There were 60 musicians in the orchestra when they started playing together for the first time.
George Clinton was a very important person in American history. He was a soldier and a leader who helped shape the United States. He lived a long time ago, from 1739 to 1812, and is considered one of the most important people who helped create the country we know today.
Some people in South America, called Gauchos, use special long sticks called boleadoras to catch running animals like cattle or wild game.
In 1801, a man named Joseph Marie Jacquard invented a new way to make a special machine called a textile loom. He created a special set of cards with holes in them, and when he put the cards into the loom, it could weave beautiful patterns all by itself!
Hot chocolate comes in special tablets that are shaped like circles or hexagons. When you put these tablets in hot milk, water, or cream, and mix it up, it creates a creamy, foamy drink.
After Christmas, Max wakes up to find his dad, Killer Kane, standing in his room, ready to take him somewhere.
The band is currently working with a big record company called Fiction Records. They released their first album, called Colour It In, in May 2007.
James first album was a special kind of record called an EP, and it was called Analogue Bubblebath. It was released in 1991 on a record label called Mighty Force Records.
A man named Ghulam Ahmad started a new movement called the Ahmadiyya movement in 1889.
He has an older sister named Virginia and an older brother named Donald.
When she was a co-host on a TV show called What Not to Wear, she and her partner worked together to make the show really good. They won a special award in 2002 for being the best at presenting facts on TV.
Richard Dutruel is a former professional soccer player from France. He was born on December 24, 1972, and played as a goalkeeper, which means he was in charge of defending the teams goal.
The first Baja Bug was built by a man named Gary Emory, who worked at a company called Parts Obsolete, around 1968.
Archer left the orchestra in 1898 and was replaced by Victor Herbert. Herbert took the orchestra on many trips and helped make the orchestra more famous.
On September 14, a big storm called Marilyn hit the islands in the Caribbean, which are called the Lesser Antilles. At first, it was a Category 1 storm, but it got stronger and became almost as strong as a Category 3 storm by the time it reached the U.S. Virgin Islands.
He was a bad guy who was released from prison and then joined a group of people who were fighting against the government.
The taiga ecozone in Canada is divided into two main parts: the taiga plains and the taiga shield.
The town of Tutial was named after a leader named Toota Khan, who was the son of another leader named Doomat Khan.
Using modern maps and pictures, we can easily figure out the exact lengths of things, even if theyre changing because of the ice melting.
Many old inscriptions that were written about the life of Emperor Augustus have been found in different parts of the old Roman Empire.
After some talks didnt work out, he was a key person in planning a big bombing attack on Belfast that became known as Bloody Friday.
Sometimes, famous composers like Béla Bartók have asked musicians to play their music from the beginning to the end, rather than just playing the last part first.
Terry Nation was a famous writer from Wales. He wrote books and movies, and hes still remembered today.
The Copa Kia do Brasil is a big tournament where 64 teams from all over Brazil compete against each other. These teams represent the 26 states in Brazil, as well as the capital city, Brasília.
Abigail Powers Fillmore was the wife of President Millard Fillmore. She was the First Lady of the United States from 1850 to 1853, which means she was the hostess of the White House during that time.
May 21, 1420: King Charles VI of France agreed to make Henry V of England his new ruler, even though Henry was from a different country. This meant that Henry would control most of France.
This product is endorsed by George Foreman, a famous boxer who used to be a champion in the ring.
The name of this place comes from a character in a famous play by William Shakespeare. She was the daughter of a noble man who was banished from his home.
A long time ago, during the Middle Ages, people built strong buildings made of granite. Some of these old buildings are still standing today and can be seen on some of the streets.
The name antirrhopus comes from a scientist named John Ostrom. He thought that the tail of this dinosaur was like a balance scale, helping the dinosaur stay steady and balanced.
The game takes place at a special festival in a fictional place called Monument Valley. The goal of the game is to win as many off-road racing events as you can and be the champion of the whole festival.
Madison is a city located in a county called St. Francis County, in the state of Arkansas, in the United States.
Two famous composers, Reger and Tippett, wrote string quartets in the same key. Another famous composer, Shostakovich, also wrote a string quartet in the same key.
A hereditary monarchy is a type of government where a king or queen inherits the throne from their parents. This is the most common type of monarchy, and many countries in the world still use this system today.
After a big war, the Vanir people became a part of the bigger group called the Aesir. Sometimes, people who are part of the Vanir are also considered to be part of the Aesir group.
The earthquakes center was located at a point that is 23.85 degrees north of the equator and 120.82 degrees east of the prime meridian. It was situated southwest of a famous lake called Sun Moon Lake, near a town called Jiji, in a province called Nantou.
Jeffrén Isaac Suárez Bermúdez, known as Jeffrén, is a professional soccer player. He was born on January 20, 1988, in a city in Venezuela, and now lives in Spain.
Shangla District is located in a part of Pakistan called the North-West Frontier Province.
The word wallaroo is a mix of two words: wallaby and kangaroo.
A long time ago, in the 800s, the people from Scandinavia started building big ships for fighting and went on adventures to other lands, which marked the beginning of the Viking Age.
The unit of measurement for this is a special combination of units. Its like a recipe: one unit is equal to one meter (the length of a big stick) per meter (the length of a big stick) per one mole (a group of six billion tiny particles).
Clara Wieck was born on September 13, 1819, in a city called Leipzig, Germany. She was the daughter of a man named Friedrich and a woman named Marianne.
In 1944, a smaller camp was built near the city of Freiberg, which was part of a bigger concentration camp called Flossenburg.
Sportscene is a group of TV shows about sports that are made by the BBC in Scotland.
He is a member of a party called the Minnesota Democratic Party. This party is connected to a bigger party called the Democratic Party that happens all across the country.
In 1857, a famous musician named Charles Hallé started a special orchestra to play music at a big art show in Manchester. The orchestra played music for about 6 months, from May to October.
The name of the food, and sometimes where it comes from, can be very interesting.
Martin Peters is a famous former football player. He was born on November 8, 1943, in a place called Plaistow, London. He was part of the England team that won the World Cup in 1966, which is a big deal in football! He also played in the World Cup again in 1970.
This mountain is the biggest in our region and is often called the Giant of Provence or The Bald Mountain.
Polydeuces is a tiny moon that orbits around Saturn. Its special because it moves around Saturn in the same way that Dione does, and it also moves in a way that makes it seem like its floating in space.
The M.O.L.T. were created by a famous French composer named Olivier Messiaen. He wrote about how to make music in his book called The Technique of my Musical Language.
By the 1660s, cooking had become a very skilled and respected job, and people were looking for good cooks to work for them.
A group of friends met and played music together in high school. They called themselves Pezz, but they didnt get very famous until 2001. After that, they became part of a secret music group in Toronto that liked to make their own music.
The Terracotta Army: A Book About Ancient Chinas Famous Soldiers. This book is about the tomb of the first emperor of China, who lived over 2,000 years ago. Its a very important and famous place in China.
Many years ago, in 1831, a man named James A. Garfield was born in a place called Orange Township.
When we name a type of molecule called an alkane, we use a special system called IUPAC. In this system, we change the name of the molecule by removing the last letter e and adding ol to the end. For example, the name of a molecule called methanol becomes methanol and the name of a molecule called ethanol becomes ethanol.
When Jane Austens books were first published, people in high society thought they were cool and liked them, but most critics didnt think they were very good.
Some people thought that the government giving money to a project that was meant to be a work of art, but was also a picture of Jesus, was unfair because it mixed church and state.
PLM University is a big school that makes its own decisions. Its run by a group of people called the Board of Regents, and a president who is in charge of everything.
Japan needs to buy a lot of something from three places: China, Taiwan, and New Zealand.
The Edmonton Oilers played in the quarter finals in Dallas, but they lost 4-0. They had 88 points in the season and finished 8th in their conference.
A long time ago, before the French even bought the land, there was a group of people called the Mpongwé tribe who lived here.
These plants are usually found in warm and sunny places, like near the equator in Asia and Africa, and in parts of the Americas where the weather is mild.
The latest Kindle is actually the third version of the main Kindle device. Its called the Kindle, but people often just call it Kindle 3.
Sulaiman Al-Fahim, who studied in the US, was the main person in charge of ADUG when it took over. Hes often compared to Donald Trump, who is a famous businessman from the US.
During her time in high school, she was involved in many school plays and musicals, including starring roles in two popular shows: Annie and Fiddler on the Roof.
Huclier is a small town in a region of France called Nord-Pas-de-Calais.
In the movie Let It Be, theres a scene where George Harrison helps his friend Ringo Starr figure out the piano part for a song.
In October 1999, a famous auction house called Christies sold many of Marilyn Monroes belongings, including some that had been found in a house that belonged to her nephews family. The total amount of money they made from selling these items was $13,405,785.
A copy of the Nicolay Copy was mentioned in an article written by a man named John Nicolay in 1894. After John Nicolay died in 1901, his daughter Helen probably gave a copy of the document to President Hay.
The company was one of the first to make lots of tires at the same time.
Bucov is a small town in a county called Dolj, in a country called Romania.
Ralph Waldo Ellison was a very important American writer who lived from 1914 to 1994. He wrote books, gave advice on writing, and taught others about literature.
When an eagle wants to catch fish, it flies low over the water and uses its sharp claws to grab the fish right out of the water.
The Catalan Wikipedia is a version of Wikipedia that is written in the Catalan language.
In 2009, the way local governments were organized in England changed. This meant that Bedfordshire County Council, which was in charge of schools, was no longer needed. Instead, the responsibility for schools was given to two new councils: Bedford Borough Council and Central Bedfordshire Council.
Before, he played for two big hockey teams: the Philadelphia Flyers and the Ottawa Senators. He also played for a team called Atlant Moscow from Russia.
There are many different kinds of plants in this group, and one of them, called Acanthomintha duttonii, is in danger of disappearing.
Jinnah kept in touch with his daughter, but they didnt always get along.
Desmarest wrote several books about animals, including birds, insects, and crustaceans, and also wrote about mammals.
The first song from the album, called Misery Business, was released on June 21, 2007. The singer, Williams, said that this song is the most honest thing shes ever written. She also said that the musicians who played on the song really captured the emotions she was feeling when she wrote it.
On April 28, 2006, a website called eHow was sold. Then, a new website called wikiHow was created and became its own website, with its own special address: www.wikihow.com.
In 1830, France invaded a country called Algeria.
John Constable was a famous English painter who lived a long time ago. He was born on June 11, 1776, and died on March 31, 1837.
Its located about 10 miles north of a town called Bishops Stortford, and its also close to another town called Harlow.
In 1972, the town of Buxtehude in Lower Saxony, Germany, grew by adding 9 nearby villages. This made the town much bigger and now has over 30,000 people living there.
On March 15, 44 BC, Julius Caesar was supposed to attend a meeting of the Roman Senate.
One day, a man named Lew Fields gave him a small role, which helped him get more work and eventually made him a well-known actor who could make people laugh and do magic tricks.
When we look at rocks, we can see how they change over time. Sometimes, the rocks get layered on top of each other in a specific order, like a big sandwich. This is called bedding. Other times, the rocks change as you move from one place to another, like from a beach to a river. This is called a facies change. Its like a big puzzle, and by studying the rocks, we can figure out what the environment was like when they were formed.
There are 5 schools in our town. Three of them are run by the government, and two are private schools that are not run by the government.
The Order of the British Empire is the youngest and has the most members of all the British orders of honor.
Until the end of 2006, the cities of Al Ain and Buraimi were connected and worked together like one big unit.
When the new structure was finished in 2004, some safety issues were discovered. One of the metal spikes that held it together had come loose, and after that, 22 more spikes were removed to make sure everyone was safe.
In 2003, Rolling Stone magazine made a list of the top 500 albums of all time. Their list ranked this album as number 332.
Some people think that Uthman ibn Affan, a leader in Islam, made some changes to the religion that arent allowed. They also think that the people who overthrew him were right to do so.
Read about a famous tennis match called Tale of the Tape on the BBC Sport website, which was watched by many people in 2007.
Napalm B is a newer version of napalm. Even though its made differently, people often just call it napalm.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reports are a collection of scientific information that has been checked and approved by experts in the field and has been published for everyone to read.
Quix-Haut-MaÃ nil is a small town in a region of France called Nord-Pas-de-Calais.
The people who first moved to this area arrived in 1834.
Dr. Schön comes back and sees the Acrobat. He gets into a big argument with Lulu, and in the argument, he finds out that there are other people who admire the Acrobat too.
The Hebrew Bible is a collection of books that are shared by both Jewish and Christian people. It includes the same stories and teachings that are found in the Jewish Bible and the Christian Bible.
The flowers are like the special parts of a plant that help the plant make seeds. They bring together the tiny male part of the plant (called pollen) and the tiny female part of the plant (called ovules) so that they can make seeds.
Les Clark was a Disney employee who started working there in 1927. He was born on November 17, 1907, and passed away on September 12, 1979.
The game was made by a company called EA Canada. It was published by another company called EA Sports. The game was released in the United States on September 7, 2010. Other countries got the game a little later, usually within two weeks.
The new train line that will go through the city center will connect with another train line at three different places: Bugis, Tampines, and Expo.
A long time ago, in September 1989, a team of scientists found a new planet called Naiad using pictures taken by a spacecraft called Voyager 2.
After a while, Young went back to his old school, CP, and then he got a job at a magazine called Macleans, where he helped edit the articles.
In animals with backbones, like humans, the chest area is made up of three main parts: the breastbone, the middle back bones, and the ribs that stick out from the sides.
January 23, 1509, was a special day. A young man named Henry VIII, who was just 18 years old, went to a place called Richmond. He was dressed in a disguise, but people didnt know it was him. When he started jousting (a kind of medieval sport where knights on horses charge at each other with lances), the crowd cheered for him. Then, he revealed his true identity and everyone was amazed!
On May 19, 2008, a TV show called Dateline NBC told a 90-minute story about a woman named Tina Watson who had died.
When you finish a game, you can get one of three special rankings: Redo, Mediocre, or Superstar. If you get a Mediocre or Superstar ranking on a level, youll unlock a new level to play!
In 1955, a famous artist named Cocteau was invited to join two very important groups: the French Academy and the Royal Academy of Belgium.
When we calculate how well our predictions match the actual data, we get a list of numbers called residuals. If we add up all these residuals, we always get zero. This means that the residuals cant be independent of each other, because if one residual is positive, the others have to be negative to make the total zero.
Yellow is one of the three main colors that are used to make other colors when we mix them together. The other two colors are magenta and cyan.
You can download some fun songs for free from the Esurance website.
When you pray every day, you can do it anywhere. But on Fridays, its special and you need to go to the mosque to pray with the community.
In the 1980s, two men named Ben Shoshan and Yehuda Etzion, who were part of a secret group called the Gush Emunim Underground, planned to hurt people by blowing up two very important buildings in Jerusalem: the Al-Aqsa mosque and the Dome of the Rock.
Flash Gordon was a famous hero in three movies. The first one was called Flash Gordon and it came out in 1936. The next two movies were Flash Gordons Trip to Mars and Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe, which were made in 1938 and 1940, respectively.
A long time ago, a man and his wife, along with their younger sister, had many children who became the ancestors of the Japanese people.
In 1918, Muhammad Jinnah got married to a woman named Rattanbai Petit, who was 24 years younger than him.
Some laws are very serious and have the highest punishments. If you break these laws, you can get in big trouble.
The capital of the Cayman Islands is a city called George Town. Its located on the western side of the biggest island, Grand Cayman.
Powell wrote about his time at Eton school in a book called The Wat ry Glade.
The short stories written by Groundwater have won many awards.
This is often shortened to tokkÅ tai.
Hercules takes her to a place where many people who were forced to leave their homes are staying. This place is being controlled by Heras followers, who are wearing blue robes.
When the band first started, it had some other members too. Paz played the bass, Troy played the guitar, and Tim played the drums.
An illusion is when our senses trick us into seeing or hearing something that isnt really there. Its like our brain is playing a trick on us, and it helps us understand how our brains work to make sense of the world around us.
Sir John Gorton was a very important person in Australias government. He was the 19th person to hold the job of Prime Minister, which is like the head of the country. He was born on September 9, 1911, and passed away on May 19, 2002.
The new circuit cost about $150 million to build.
The movie was very popular in Australia and New Zealand, but it wasnt shown in many other countries around the world.
Wagner gave these roles special names, like high bass. If you want to learn more about these names, you can check out the details in the next section.
A long time ago, a two-lane road called U.S. Highway 31 was the main way for people to travel from Birmingham to Montgomery. This road helped the community grow and develop.
Juan Gómez González, also known as Juanito, was a famous Spanish soccer player. He was born on November 10, 1954, in a town called Fuengirola, Spain. Sadly, he passed away on April 2, 1992, in another town called Mérida, Spain. Juanito played as a forward, which means he was a player who scored goals for his team.
Orbetello is a town in a region called Tuscany, in a country called Italy.
After the big wrestling event called WrestleMania, Shawn Michaels kept arguing with the boss of the wrestling company, Vince McMahon.
By the time the 20th century started, most people who bought and sold animals in the area had moved away from Burgess Hill.
After the next turn, the other player can do the same thing, and then its their turn again, and so on.
Sarah Messing was thinking about taking a break, but then she saw a script that really caught her attention. She decided to try out for a role on the show, and she got the part of Grace Adler. Another actress, Nicollette Sheridan, was also interested in being on the show, but she didnt get the part. Later, she did get to appear on the show as a love interest for Graces character.
She was also the princess of a place called Commercy.
Sonata Arctica is a band from Finland that plays a type of music called power metal. They were formed in a town called Kemi in 1996.
When the last person who was a knight died, the group of knights called the Order of the Maharaja of Alwar stopped existing in 2009.
Some people think that our choices are completely determined by things outside of our control, while others think that our choices are completely random and unpredictable. But these two ideas arent actually being debated in the discussion about whether we have free will.
Phosphorus is a very important part of some important things in our bodies. It helps make the building blocks of DNA, RNA, and energy, and its also a key part of the cell membranes that surround all living things.
Anthony Wood was a very important person who studied old things in England. He was born in 1632 and died in 1695.
This is a version of a famous musical that was written by Stephen Sondheim and Hugh Wheeler. It won a big award called a Tony Award in 1979.
The city was badly damaged during a big fight in Chad, which lasted from 1979 to 1980.
Before Worth, people thought of dressmakers as just people who made clothes. But Worth changed that. He made dressmakers into artists who could create beautiful and stylish clothes, like a painter creates a work of art.
The number of people who speak Meänkieli is not fixed, because many people today speak Meänkieli as just one of their languages.
A flagship is a special ship that carries the captain of a group of ships. Its like a leader of the group, and it has a special flag that shows whos in charge.
For this reason, butt plugs are usually shorter than other sex toys, and the size marked on them shows how wide they are, not how long. They need to be very smooth so they dont hurt the rectum or intestines.
The Bionic Woman is a TV show that was made in the United States. Its a science fiction show that was created by a man named David Eick and was shown on TV in 2007.
As a result, he became the Prime Minister, but he didnt have the support of the majority of the people, so he was in charge of a small group of people who agreed with him.
Over time, public buildings like schools, libraries, and community centers would become the main features of the city.
The music video for the song She Will Be Loved shows a young man who falls in love with the mom of his girlfriend. Hes a singer in a band, and his girlfriend is a popular girl who comes from a wealthy family.
Before 2006, stadiums were ranked on a scale of 1 to 5 stars. Now, they are ranked in different categories.
Rinpoche started teaching in Paris and helped translate for a very important Buddhist leader named Dudjom Rinpoche. He also went to the United States with him in 1976.
She was considered a strong candidate to join the Supreme Court, but instead, she was chosen by President Jimmy Carter to be the first person in charge of education in the United States. She worked in this important job for 11 years.
This place has a big area for trains to move around (5 km of rail sidings), a huge storage room (7,400 square meters), and about 40 people work here.
Albert Einstein was a very smart man who lived a long time ago. He was born on April 22, 1904, and died on February 18, 1967. He was a professor of physics at a big university called the University of California, Berkeley.
This funicular is 106 meters long, which is one of the shortest in Europe. Its not the shortest, though - that title belongs to the funicular in Zagreb, which is even shorter.
The seaducks, Merginae, belong to a group of birds called ducks, geese, and swans. They are a type of bird that lives in the ocean.
The Host is a book that combines science fiction and romance, written by Stephenie Meyer.
On May 29, 2010, a baseball player named Halladay threw a special kind of game called a perfect game. This means he didnt let any of the other teams players get a hit, and he won the game 1-0 against the Florida Marlins.
Luke Skywalker is the main character in the Star Wars movies. He appears in three of the most famous Star Wars films: A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi.
Toki Pona is a special language that people made up, and it was first shared online in 2001.
Mailly-le-Camp is a small town in a region of France called Aube, which is located in the middle of the country.
This kept happening until they appeared on a TV show called My MVP Valentine, which was broadcast on local TV.
Some people who make wine at home still walk on the grapes with their bare feet to get the juice out.
During World War I, he started to agree more with the royal family and the idea that Germany should expand its territory.
After he finished elementary school, his family moved to a new place called Nik i, in a country called Montenegro. There, he went to high school.
Sanrio was started by a man named Shintaro Tsuji in 1960. He began a business called the Yamanashi Silk Company with just 1 million yen, which is like a big chunk of money.
He was given a very important job and was promoted very quickly. By the end of 1933, he had become a very high-ranking officer.
The Battle of Hamburger Hill started during the Vietnam War. It was a very intense and difficult fight between the US military and the enemy.
The movie The Plague Dogs was made into an animated film, just like its predecessor Watership Down. The person who made it, Martin Rosen, also directed and wrote the story for the movie. It came out in 1982.
Simon Peyton Jones is a very smart computer scientist. He was born in South Africa on January 18, 1958. He studies how to make computers work better with special kinds of programming languages that are called functional languages. Hes especially interested in languages that dont do a lot of work until they really need to, which is called lazy.
Manganese sulfate is a type of chemical compound that is made from manganese and sulfuric acid. Its called a sulfate because it contains sulfur and oxygen, and the Mn is the symbol for manganese, a metal that is found in some rocks and soil.
Bartok learned to play the piano from a man named István Thomán, who used to be a student of a famous composer named Franz Liszt. He also learned how to compose music from another teacher named János Koessler at a special music school in Budapest from 1899 to 1903.
Link is going to become a fully qualified train engineer after completing his training.
This place is located on the west side of the Nile River, about 20 kilometers southwest of the city of Cairo.
The heaviest and longest-lasting atom we know of is called 281aDs. It breaks down very quickly, in just about 10 seconds. However, theres another possibility that 281bDs might be even more stable, but were not sure yet because we havent confirmed its half-life, which is the time it takes for half of the atoms to break down.
Park Ji-Sung is a famous South Korean soccer player. He plays for a big English soccer team called Manchester United. He is also the leader of the South Korean soccer team.
Long ago, a ball was inflated, but now we use a hard rubber ball. This ball has a circumference of 39 centimeters and weighs 350 grams or 750 grams in its old version.
In all plants, theres a special kind of tissue called meristem. Its made up of cells that havent yet decided what job theyll do, and its usually found in areas of the plant where new growth is happening, like the tips of stems and roots.
Later, when it was time for Hitlers birthday party, two of his close friends, Heinrich Himmler and Hermann Fegelein, asked him if he could leave the city to stay safe.
There are many people from a group called the Druze who live in other countries besides the Middle East. They can be found in countries like Australia, Canada, Europe, Latin America, the United States, and West Africa.
Lorraine Bracco is a famous American actress who was born on October 2, 1954.
February 2, 1536, was a special day. A man named Pedro de Mendoza, who was from Spain, founded a new city called Buenos Aires in what is now Argentina.
In New Zealand, if you work for 8 more years after youve already worked, youll get extra benefits. In the UK, if you work for 6 more years after youve already worked, youll also get extra benefits.
The Oregon Inlet is a special place where the ocean meets the land in North Carolina. Its part of a chain of islands called the Outer Banks.
The capital city of Zambia is Lusaka, and its located in the middle of the country, near the southern part.
He lived in a community of people from the Dominican Republic in a town called Fiesole.
LiveJournal is a website where people can write and share their thoughts, feelings, and experiences with others online.
Negative numbers are numbers that are less than zero. Think of it like a balance scale. If you have a debt or an amount of money you owe, its like having a negative number. For example, if you borrowed $5 from your friend, you would owe $5, which is a negative number.
A long time ago, in 1930, this book was first published in the United States as a magazine called Astounding Stories. Over the years, the name of the magazine changed a few times. In 1938, it became called Astounding Science-Fiction, and then in 1960, it was renamed Analog Science Fact & Fiction.
Sometimes, this medicine is used to help break up small rocks that are inside the kidneys or gallbladder. Its also been used to treat people who have been bitten by snakes or scorpions, and its been known to help save their lives.
When they were fixing the city, the government put a team of guards around it to keep it safe from another attack.
Label: While they were putting it back together, the city put a 24-hour guard around it to stop another attack.
Kauai is the oldest island in the main group of Hawaiian Islands.
In 1854, two small towns called Risdon and Fostoria merged together to become one big town. The new town was named Fostoria, after a man named Foster who was chosen to be the towns first leader, or mayor.
In 1993, a famous Turkish journalist named U ur Mumcu was killed by a car bomb in the city of Ankara.
A sudden and strong wind came in the evening, bringing very strong winds from the west.
In World War II, the United States dropped two very powerful bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. This made Nagasaki the last city in the world to be attacked with a nuclear bomb.
Forsyth County is a place in the state of Georgia, in the United States.
There is a town called Saint-AndrÃ - le-Bouchoux, which is located in a region of France called Ain, in the eastern part of the country.
The next spring, she released her first album called Say Greetings. She had recorded it in Jamaica the year before.
This book was written over a long time, almost 30 years, and it shows what Glasgow, the city where the author lives, might be like in the future. Its a mix of realistic and imaginary stories about Glasgow.
This computer has a simple way of working. To do things, you can click on a bar at the bottom of the screen, or right-click on the desktop to see a list of options. The computer also shows pictures and icons, but theyre not very detailed.
Although Hurricane Grace didnt hit very hard, the storm that followed caused a lot of damage to the coast, big waves, and strong winds.
Cancer is one of the 12 signs in a special group of stars called the zodiac.
Codens favorite thing to do is listen to the soothing sound of the water at Portersville Bay, go fishing, and take it easy.
Most of the objects that go around the Sun are eight big planets that move in almost perfect circles and live in a flat, disk-shaped area called the ecliptic plane.
A long time ago, this city was the capital of a powerful kingdom called Srivijaya.
Eric Clapton grew up with his grandmother, Rose, and her new husband, Jack. He thought they were his parents, and that his real mother was actually his older sister.
Before 1858, the Indian Army was made up of two groups of soldiers. One group was controlled by a company called the East India Company, and they were paid for their work from the companys profits. The other group was part of the British Army, which was funded by the British government in London.
When scientists do experiments in the lab, they use special containers called flasks to hold liquids. The size of these flasks is measured in units like milliliters (mL) or liters (L), which are part of the metric system.
Mont-Bernanchon is a small town in a region of France called Nord-Pas-de-Calais.
Ned Kelly is a movie about a famous Australian outlaw who was made into a film.
Kristen Stewart is a famous actress. Her mom, Jules, used to work on movie sets, making sure everything was in the right place. Shes from a place called Maroochydore in Australia.
In some countries like Portugal, Spain, and parts of France, people have a tradition called bullfighting where bulls are used in a special event. In India, theres a similar event called Jallikattu. But in many other countries, this practice is not allowed.
Special songs called Gregorian chants are sung during certain times of the day when we pray, and also during the main worship service of the Mass.
Hot in the Shade is a new album by a famous rock band called Kiss. Its their 15th album, which means its the 15th time theyve made music together.
A long time ago, in 1900, a man named Ferdinand Löwe started a group called the Wiener Concertverein, which was like a big music club in Vienna.
A book called Saints was first published under a different title, Woman Of Destiny, which the author didnt want.
In 1940, after France was defeated in World War II, the city of Saint-Denis was taken over by the German army on June 13th.
August 28, 1068: A famous emperor from Japan died on this day.
Kings Peak is a big mountain that is located on Vancouver Island, which is part of the province of British Columbia in Canada.
Luigi Apolloni is a former Italian soccer player. He was born on May 2, 1967, in a town called Frascati. Now, he is the coach of a soccer team called Grosseto, which plays in a lower league in Italy.
He comes from a famous baseball family. His dad, Steve Swisher, used to play baseball for some big teams in the National League a long time ago, in the 1970s and 1980s.
Thrash metal music often has fast and strong guitar sounds that are played with a lot of energy. The guitarists also play fast and tricky solos on top of these sounds.
During the mating season, male kudus (a type of antelope) usually hang out with females and their babies in groups of 5 to 15. This is when they are most active and social.
The first episode is about Kyles first Halloween, and the second episode is about a big school election where Kyle decides to run for president.
Although Bridge wasnt usually picked to play for Englands national team, he was sometimes asked to play in big tournaments, like the World Cup, and even represented England in those games.
Born in a city called Kiryat Bialik, a man named Vollach started playing soccer when he was young. He began his soccer career with a local team called Maccabi Kiryat Bialik.
A long time ago, a man named Martin was asked to help take care of special worms in a new settlement called a colony, so they could make silk.
This is one of the biggest newspapers in Europe, and its read by more than a million people every week.
TerpeziÅ # a is a small town in a county called Dolj, in a country called Romania. It has about 1,920 people living there.
For a long time, from the 1600s to 1959, the Dalai Lamas sometimes helped run the government of Tibet, which controlled parts of the country from its capital city, Lhasa.
Stieler was born in a city called Mainz. His family was very good at making special designs on metal, so his dad, August Friedrich Stieler, taught him some basic art skills when he was a kid.
When Jimi Hendrix was interviewed in the US, he rarely talked about his time in the army. When a TV host named Dick Cavett asked him about it, Hendrix just confirmed that he had been stationed at a military base called Fort Campbell.
After Beethoven played his famous Moonlight Sonata on the piano, the C-sharp key became very popular and was used in many other piano pieces.
The name is a combination of two family names: Kentar Kobuchi and Shunsuke Kuroda.
A long time ago, in countries like Britain, Ireland, and France, the people called the areas that are now called counties by a different name, called earldoms. This name comes from a language called Old Norse, and it was given to these areas by the Vikings. But, even though the names are different, the areas that are now called counties and the areas that were called earldoms are not the same thing.
Diaz is a town in a county called Jackson County, in a state called Arkansas, in the United States.
Lukas Podolski is a professional soccer player from Germany. He was born on June 4, 1985, in a city called Gliwice. He plays as a forward for a team called Köln and also plays for the German national soccer team.
The term comes from a type of game where players compete against each other in a virtual world, and the goal is to win or lose, with no other options.
Underneath the big doors that open to the back of the spaceship, you can see the NASA logo, the words United States and the American flag.
Eton College is a special school in England that only boys can attend. They are between 13 and 18 years old when they go there.
The highway called Interstate 35 does not go directly to the border with another country.
After they signed with a record company called Reprise, the band started working on their first big album, called Dookie.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has looked at a big group of animals and plants and found that about 40% of them are in danger of disappearing forever.
Bloc Partys next big hit was called I Still Remember. It was very popular in the US and reached the top 25 on a special chart that tracks rock music.
Language is made up of words, and words are made up of smaller parts. We study how these parts fit together to form words, and what they mean.
He has appeared in a music video by a popular K-pop group called Girls Generation, and he also starred in the music video for a new band called VNT when they first started out.
The Maya people made a special drink by grinding up cacao seeds into a paste, then mixing it with water, cornmeal, and other ingredients. They also added some spicy peppers to give it a kick!
There are two popular ways to solve a problem called a minimum spanning tree. One way is called Prims algorithm, and the other way is called Kruskals algorithm.
Each group of 5 households is called a quintile. Its like a fifth of all the households in the area.
He won three special awards: the Royal Medal in 1854, the Copley Medal in 1887, and the Darwin Medal in 1892.
In 1888, a group of people in Phoenix came together to form a business organization called the Phoenix Chamber of Commerce.
Yosuke Kashiwagi is a Japanese soccer player who plays for a team called Urawa Red Diamonds.
The Hounslow area in London is a special part of the city called a borough.
Two people died in tragic accidents. One happened in a basement in Fort Cobb, and the other happened in a basement in Kingfisher.
The name Cz Stochowa comes from a person named Cz Stoch, who lived a long time ago. The Cz is a title that means of or from, so Cz Stochowa means Stochs place.
On June 11, 1980, a rare event was observed in the sky. A star called Antiope was hidden behind the Moon, and this was recorded by someone who was watching the sky.
Grand Duke Vladimir liked a young woman so much that he started calling her The Kind Baby because she was very friendly and nice.
In 1997, a new drummer named Jukka joined the band Nightwish. He replaced the bands old guitar player with a new one who played electric guitar instead of acoustic guitar.
There are many different kinds of wild pigs, but two special kinds are the babirusa and the warthog. The babirusa is a type of pig that lives in Indonesia, and the warthog is a type of pig that lives in Africa.
Hamiltons lead in the racing championship was cut down to just two points. A team called McLaren tried to appeal to the championship organizers, but they were told that the appeal was not allowed because it didnt follow the rules.
Oliver Bierhoff was born on May 1, 1968, in a city called Karlsruhe. He was a professional soccer player from Germany. He played soccer for many years and was very good at it. In 1996, he played in a very important soccer game called the Euro 96 final. He scored a special goal that made Germany win the game, and it was the first time anyone from Germany had ever scored a golden goal in a major international soccer game.
There were 18 teams that competed in the championship, and Al-Nasr from Benghazi won the whole thing!
The Land Registry is a government office in the UK that helps keep track of land ownership. It was created in 1862 and is part of the government. The office is in charge of making sure that people who own land are listed correctly and that the government has the right to use the land if it needs to.
The area also has a coastline along the ocean, which is located near a big island called Marajó. This island is in the middle of the Amazon River, where it meets the ocean.
For 18 days, from August 30th, 30 BC, he was the only ruler of Egypt. Unfortunately, he was killed by Octavian, who later became the Roman Emperor Augustus.
Imagine you have a bunch of equations that have the same variable (like x) in them. The thing is, this variable has to have the same value in every single equation. Its like a puzzle where all the pieces have to fit together perfectly!
As hair grows, the tiny roots at the base of the hair shaft get smaller and smaller. Eventually, the hair becomes very thin and looks like the soft, fine hairs on your body, like the fuzz on a peach. Or, in some cases, the hair just disappears.
Paulo SÃrgio was a famous Brazilian soccer player. He was born on July 24, 1954, in a city called Rio de Janeiro. He played as a goalkeeper, which means he was in charge of catching the ball when the other team threw it at him.
George H.W. Bush was the 41st President of the United States. He was in this job from 1989 to 1993.
Georg Philipp Telemann was a famous German musician who lived a long time ago. He was very good at playing many different instruments and writing music in a style called Baroque.
Gaizka Mendieta Zabala was born on March 27, 1974. He was a professional soccer player from Spain, and he usually played in the middle of the field.
Eventually, people in the upper class found out that she was the real author of her books.
The 2005 Formula One season was the 56th big racing competition where the best drivers from around the world competed to see who was the best.
Under the city of Paris, there are many old underground tunnels and mines that are no longer used. These tunnels are connected to each other and are hidden beneath the city streets.
Berlei is a company that makes special clothes for women to wear under their shirts, like bras and girdles.
Bucharest is the biggest city in Romania and its also the countrys capital.
The person who made the movie Pretty Woman again directed it, and a new person helped make it happen.
Many trees have a special arrangement of their branches that helps them get the most sunlight, which is good for their leaves.
By July 1, 2008, the population of the area was estimated to be about 387,725 people.
Make sure to include all dates, even if you write them down more than once, so that everyone can understand the dates in the same way.
Maria Camargo is a famous Brazilian person who works in television, singing, and acting. She was born on March 8, 1929.
A group of men tries to hurt Deianeira, but a mysterious figure in a dark robe comes to her rescue and tells her to follow her own path in life.
Even though there are some big differences between these two types of languages, they are not so different that people cant usually understand each other.
Charlotte Brontë was born in a town called Thornton in Yorkshire, England, in 1816. She was the third of six children. Her father, Patrick Brontë, was a priest, and her mother, Maria Branwell, was his wife.
Most people who follow the Islamic faith are part of a group called Sunni Islam.
Over time, they arranged for their sister Parvatham to get married to a man named Ulagapuram Muthi Thirumalai Gounder.
Friendship is a small town located in a state called Wisconsin, in the United States.
When you look at the city from high up, it looks like a big airplane or a butterfly.
Ramón Díaz was born on August 29, 1959, in a place called La Rioja. He used to play football when he was younger and is now retired.
Eni is a company that helps get natural gas from where its found to where people use it. It does this by transporting it, selling it, and making sure it gets to the right places.
This country has beautiful beaches, mountains, and valleys.
Edward Britten was a famous musician from England. He was born on November 22, 1913, and died on December 4, 1976. He was a great composer, conductor, and pianist, which means he wrote music, led orchestras, and played the piano.
About 16 years after the last movie in a popular trilogy was made, a new movie was released that told the story of the beginning of the trilogy. This new movie was the first in a new series of three movies, and each new movie was released every three years. The last movie in this new series came out on May 19, 2005.
A long time ago, during a period called the Heian period, there was a man named Taira Tsuneshige who moved to a place called Chiba. He became the leader of the area and called himself the ruler of Chiba. He helped shape the city of Chiba into what it is today.
Thom Yorke and Colin Greenwood were in the same class. Ed OBrien and Phil Selway were a year older than them. And Jonny Greenwood was two years younger than his brother Colin.
After the band broke up, MacKaye decided to try singing instead of playing the bass guitar. He then started a new band called Minor Threat with some friends, including a drummer, a bass player, and a guitarist.
The Mall of America is planning a big expansion. They think it will cost about $2.1 billion and will add a huge new wing to the mall, making it twice as big as it is now.
William Franklin Billy Graham was born on November 7, 1918. He is a famous Christian leader who helps people understand and follow Gods teachings.
This school is one of the oldest schools in England that was established a long time ago, in 1868, and it was one of the first nine schools that were created by a special law.
In February 2008, Lily Allen sang a song called A cause des Garçons on a TV show called Lily Allen and Friends on the BBC.
In other sports, the person who plays a similar role to a goalkeeper is called a goalkeeper.
In the United States, there are over 5,500 cities and towns. Minas has 853 of them, which is a lot because the city is very big and has a lot of people living there.
The Queen officially opened a new concert hall in a town called Aldeburgh on June 2, 1967. This was the start of a big music festival that happens every year.
The town was one of the places in England that was hit the hardest by bombing during World War II.
1791 - The first newspaper that is only published on Sundays, called The Observer, was created.
His brother Howard was born in 1870. When he was 14 years old, he got into an accident that made him lose one of his legs. He also got very sick with a disease called tuberculosis.
Morning glory is a name for many different kinds of flowers that are all part of the same family. There are over 1,000 different types of morning glory flowers, and scientists are still learning about them and how they fit together. Some of these flowers are grouped into different categories, like families, and they have their own special names, like Ipomoea or Convolvulus.
In Formula One racing, until 1960, drivers got a point for the fastest lap they set around the track. Michael Schumacher is the champion who has set the most fastest laps with 76.
The American Eagle was a very old ship that sailed on the water. Its now a special landmark in the United States because of its importance in history.
On February 13th, Toro Rosso announced that they had chosen a driver for the 2007 season. This drivers name was Giorgio Liuzzi.
From 1954 to 1957, Annan went to a very good school called Mfantsipim. It was a special school for boys and girls who lived there, and it was started a long time ago, in the 1870s.
A long time after the band was formed, they put together some of their best songs and released them all together in a special album called Screaming Life/Fopp. This album came out in 1990.
Wikipedia was first created in June 2001, and it was the fifth version of the website.
Theres another plant called marjoram that comes from Turkey. Even though its related to the plant were talking about, it tastes very different. This is because it doesnt have some special helpers called phenolic compounds in its oil.
This monument is made of marble and is considered one of the most amazing and beautiful buildings in India.
In 1985, a singer named Paige released a song called I Know Him So Well with a friend named Barbara Dickson. They sang it together in a musical called Chess, and it became the best-selling song ever recorded by two female singers.
Pieter Longhi was a famous painter from a place called Venice, Italy. He liked to paint pictures of everyday life, like people going about their daily activities.
He was chosen to be a part of a group that helped make decisions in Calcutta in 1761. He went back to England in 1764.
A female reproductive cell, also called an egg cell, is a special cell that is half the number of chromosomes as a regular cell. Its one of the two types of cells that help make a baby, and its found in females.
There is a town called Lignol-le-Château in a region of France called Aube, which is in the middle of the country.
She was very famous for playing a character named Jal Fazer in the first two seasons of a popular TV show called Skins.
A long time ago, a group of leaders called the Concordat of Worms got upset with a famous philosopher named Pierre Abélard. He had written some ideas about God that they didnt agree with, and they decided to officially disapprove of his writings.
Killie is a very old football club that was started in 1869. Its still one of the oldest and most successful clubs in the top league of Scottish football.
After the big war ended in 1945, the way the country was divided into smaller areas was changed.
The first words that were written down in English were town and priest. These words were found in a document called the Laws of Ethelbert, which was written a long time ago.
Seboncourt is a small town in a region called Picardy, in the north of France.
El Paso is a big city in the state of Texas, USA. Its also the main town in El Paso County and is located in the southwestern part of the United States.
Sir Michael Caine is a famous actor from England. He was born on March 14, 1933, and is known for his work in movies.
When they were first put into a group, they were called Class AM9. But later, a new system was introduced that changed their group name.
When someone tries to convince you to do or believe something, thats called persuasion. Its when someone uses words or actions to influence your thoughts or actions.
December 15, 533 AD: A big battle called the Battle of Tricamarum started. The Roman general Belisarius won against a new army of Vandals, led by two leaders named Gelimer and Tzazo.
This country is its own boss and makes its own decisions. However, it relies heavily on Italy for many things.
The egg is a special symbol that people use to celebrate the arrival of spring. Its also a reminder of a very important event in Christianity, where Jesus came back to life after being dead for a long time.
Imagine a wild animal that starts eating the young shoots of a plant that people grow for food. This can hurt the plant and make it harder for people to grow food later on.
The size of the lake changes a lot throughout the year. In the summer, it can be as small as 12 square miles, but in the winter, it can be as big as 100 square miles.
Natasha Richardson was a famous actress who was born in England, but later became a citizen of the United States. She was born on May 11, 1963, and sadly passed away on March 18, 2009.
There is a town called Saint-Paul-le-Jeune in a region in southern France called the Rhone-Alpes. Its part of a bigger area called the ArdÃ che department.
The university was officially named the American University of Beirut on November 18, 1920.
Hans Lafontaines dad was a baker who made bread for a living. Unfortunately, he was killed while serving in a war.
A woman named Gerberga, who was the wife of a king named Carloman, ran away to a new place to stay. She went to see a king named Desiderius, who ruled over a group of people called the Lombards.
Reinsfeld is a town in a special area called Trier-Saarburg, which is part of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany.
Canberra is the biggest city in Australia.
Wittingen is a small town in a region called Lower Saxony, in a country called Germany.
Natasha Richardson was a famous English actress who appeared in movies and plays. She was born on May 11, 1963, and sadly passed away on March 18, 2009.
Some of these examples show that the golden ratio is a special kind of number that cant be written as a simple fraction, like 1/2 or 3/4.
Even though Garnet was found guilty and sentenced to death, some people now wonder if he really knew the whole truth about the plot.
Les Mujouls is a small town in a region of France called the Alpes-Maritimes, which is in the southeastern part of the country.
Until 1802, the city of Paderborn was part of a special area called the Bishopric of Paderborn. Later, it became part of a bigger state called Prussia.
Trains on some lines have 8 cars, while trains on other lines have 7 cars. The lines with 6 cars are different from the ones with 7 and 8 cars.
The most popular song from Austria is called Anton aus Tirol by a musician named DJ Ötzi. This song has stayed in the top 75 charts for a very long time.
A long time ago, about 40,000 years ago, mammoths were still living in this area. They might have made these deep scratches on the rocks by rubbing against them with their bodies.
Uncle Bill, also known as Tappy Tapia, was born on January 1, 1908. He is a musician from the United States, and his parents were from Portugal. He was born in a place called Honolulu, which is a city in Hawaii.
The best part of their music career happened when The Orb made a special recording for a popular radio show called BBC Radio 1, hosted by a famous DJ named John Peel.
These ingredients can be used in many different foods and drinks, such as smoothies, cookies, ice cream, and even pet food.
Magic is a Disney movie that was made in 2005 and aired on the Disney Channel.
Frodos friend Gollum tricks him into going into a dark and scary cave, where a huge and poisonous spider named Shelob lives.
The bands first album, called Twelve Stops and Home, was released in the UK on June 5, 2006, and in the United States on February 27, 2007.
There are three families that have lived in the Caucasus region for a very long time. They are the only ones from these families who still live in the Caucasus today.
Syphilis is a disease that can be spread through sex, and its caused by a tiny germ called Treponema pallidum.
The Renault 5 was a small car made by a French company called Renault. It was made in two different versions from 1972 to 1996.
Do You Know Summertime? is a very popular song from a famous opera called Porgy and Bess written by George Gershwin.
About 1.3 million Indian soldiers and workers went to fight in Europe, Africa, and the Middle East. At the same time, the Indian government and the princes sent a lot of food, money, and guns to help them.
Percy-en-Auge is a small town in a region called Normandy, in the north of France.
George W. Bush ran for President of the United States twice, in 2000 and 2004, but he didnt win either time.
In the United Kingdom, a long time ago, people started a tradition where they would write down their ideas and concerns and send them to the government to be heard. This tradition is still happening today, and its called submitting a petition to parliament.
Some of the information on Wikipedia can be considered rude or hurtful to some people. This is why some people might not want to read certain parts of the website.
The Saint Louis University basketball team was a member of the school from 1995 to 2005.
On November 25, 1888, a woman named [name] got married to a man named William Henry Foster. He was a skilled blacksmith, which means he made tools and other things out of metal. They moved to a town called Forbes, where they started their new life together.
This special feature helps them live in colder water and in many different types of ocean environments that other fish cant survive in.
Karlheinz Förster is a former German football player. He played a special position called a defender, which is like a protector on the soccer field.
April 11, 1689, was a very special day in history. It was the day that two new rulers, King William III and Queen Mary II, were crowned as the king and queen of England, Scotland, and Ireland.
The northern part of the Central Valley in California has a very hot and dry climate. The southern parts of the valley are even drier and can be considered a desert. This is because the mountains in the area block the rain, creating a dry and hot climate.
There are four bus stops in the area. Two of them are near the Pleasure Beach, one is near a place called Little Bispham, and the last one is near Fleetwood. Theres also a special stop for buses that come from Rigby Road Depot.
This place is located on the banks of a river called the Kama River, which is in a part of Russia called Europe, near a big mountain range called the Ural Mountains.
The idea of a higher power, called Ahura Mazda, is connected to every person on Earth. This power is like a spark that is inside each of us, and it helps us understand the world and our place in it.
Stone Temple Pilots is a popular American rock band. The band has four members: Scott Weiland, who sings, and his brothers Robert and Dean DeLeo, who play the bass guitar and guitar, respectively. They also have a drummer named Eric Kretz.
Hiromasa Kanazawa is a Japanese soccer player who plays for a team called S.C. Sagamihara in a lower-level soccer league in Japan.
Lembit Oll was a very good chess player from Estonia. He was born on April 23, 1966, and died on May 17, 1999.
The strong winds started to calm down, and scientists began to classify the storm on September 11.
Pop art is a type of art that was popular in the 20th century. Its a style that celebrates everyday things like advertisements, comic books, and celebrities.
From 25 to 220 AD, Luoyang was the main city in China that the government used as its capital.
In math, weve added some new types of numbers to our list. These include numbers like zero, negative numbers, and numbers that cant be written as a simple fraction, like the square root of 2. We also have numbers that are a mix of real and imaginary parts, like the numbers you see in video games and movies.
Most universities in Canada, including SFU, are public universities. This means that the government helps pay for them, and the rest of the money comes from students who pay tuition fees.
On November 28, 1888, the British government decided to break up the British West Africa Settlements. This meant that Sierra Leone became its own separate colony again, under British rule.
But there are other trustworthy sources that can help you too.
Some of the people in charge of the orchestra were named Edo de Waart and Hans Vonk.
In 1605, a group of English Catholics who lived in the countryside, led by a man named Robert Catesby, tried to kill King James I of England and Scotland. They wanted to overthrow the king and take control of the country. But their plan failed, and they were caught.
This document is the oldest known agreement between countries that was meant to bring peace and end a war.
The movie was directed by Irving Pichel, who also appeared in a smaller part. The main character, Luther, was played by actor Niall MacGinnis.
When a big storm was coming, people prepared by putting up special shutters on their houses to keep the wind and rain out. They also moved their boats to a safer place, like a marina, to protect them from the storm.
Oliver was a little confused for a moment, but then he was greeted with a warm and friendly welcome.
Austens writing style was not popular with Americans, and her stories didnt often feature the exciting adventures and explorations that were becoming very common in American literature at the time.
In the 1970s and 1980s, Schönefeld had special crossing points that allowed people from the West to cross into East Germany, even though the Berlin Wall and other strong fortifications were in place to keep them out.
Lucien Laurent was a famous French soccer player who lived from December 10, 1907, to April 11, 2005.
There is a small town called Saint-Martin-de-la-Lieue, located in a region in northwest France called Normandy.
Did you know that flying in a plane is actually safer than driving a car? Statistics have shown that planes are much safer than cars when it comes to transportation.
A long time ago, in 1960, the state of New Mexico decided to change the name of a school called the New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts to New Mexico State University. This change was made to make the schools name more accurate and easy to remember.
Linus Torvalds thinks that making Linux free to use and share is one of the best decisions he ever made.
Some of these machines didnt work well, so they were replaced during a big maintenance job. Even though they were replaced, people still started calling them Hoovers because of the name.
Warwick Davis plays Filius Flitwick, a tiny wizard who teaches magic spells and is in charge of the Ravenclaw house at Hogwarts School.
Johannes Heesters was born on December 5, 1903. He is a very talented person who has been acting, singing, and entertaining people for an amazing 87 years. He mostly works with people who speak German.
She was a very kind and honest girl who always put others before herself and showed love to everyone.
John Campbell Ross was born on March 11, 1899, and died on June 3, 2009. When he passed away, he was the oldest person in Australia and the last person who had fought in World War I.
On the 19th, the storm started to get stronger and was given a new name, Helene, on the 21st. It was located in the southeastern part of the Gulf of Mexico.
Stokenham is a small village in a county called Devon in England.
Mauro Maur is a musician from Italy. He plays the trumpet and writes music.
In 1537, Jane got pregnant. During her pregnancy, she started to feel very hungry and had a strong desire for a type of bird called quail. Henry, her husband, heard about her craving and ordered some quail to be sent to her from faraway places called Calais and Flanders.
There is a big road called U.S. Route 9 that runs from north to south through three states: Delaware, New Jersey, and New York.
Rudolf Diesel was a German inventor who created a very important machine called the diesel engine. He was born on March 18, 1858, and was last seen alive on September 29, 1913.
Roberto Rosato was born on August 18, 1943, in a town called Chieri, Italy. He used to play football professionally.
Aix-en-Issart is a small town in a region called Pas-de-Calais, which is located in the north of France.
The oldest and most complete comedies that we have from ancient times are written in Latin.
His parents, Benjamin Hall and Eliza Somers, were in trouble with the law for taking things that didnt belong to them. They were sent to Australia as punishment, where they settled in New South Wales.
From September 1907 to October 1908, a man named Kellner did his first military training with a group of soldiers called the 6th Infantry Company, which was part of a special unit called the Leibregiments Groherzogin.
God Defend New Zealand is one of the special songs that represents our country, New Zealand. Its sung along with another song called God Save the Queen.
Antonio Di Natale is a professional soccer player from Italy. He was born on October 13, 1977, in a city called Naples. He plays for a big soccer team called Udinese in Italys top league.
Abdoulaye Moutou is a football player from France. He was born on October 6, 1980, in Paris. He plays for a team called West Bromwich Albion in a very important football league called the Premier League. He also plays for his country, Côte dIvoire, and has played in 48 big games for them.
Sains-en-Gohelle is a small town in a region of France called Nord-Pas-de-Calais.
Werner Kohlmeyer was a famous German soccer player who was born on April 19, 1924, and died on March 26, 1974.
Our countrys constitution was last changed in 1997.
Winter grew up in Seminole, Florida, and went to high school there. She studied weather and the atmosphere at the University of Kansas and got a degree in it.
On September 3, 2010, the value of the Singapore dollar reached its highest point ever compared to the US dollar, at 1.3408.
The Wellington Times is a newspaper that is published three times a week. Its read by about 1500 people in our area.
The person who was playing Moody was replaced by Terry Balsamo from the band Cold.
From 1895 to 1960, people used the term womens basketball to refer to a different sport called netball. This sport was similar to modern womens basketball, but it was a bit different.
Aubie-et-Espessas is a small town in a region of France called Gironde, which is located in the southwest part of the country.
If you dont want someone to change your writing and share it with others, then dont submit it here.
In some old places, people used to weave special threads called saffron into their clothes.
One thing that all these theories have in common is that they all suggest that the universe is made up of tiny, tiny things that are connected in a special way, kind of like a hologram.