The English spoken in Singapore is similar to the English spoken in the UK, but it also has its own unique dialect called Singlish. Unfortunately, the government doesnt encourage the use of Singlish.
30th Street Station is the main train station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Its also one of the five main train stations in the city that uses a special ticket system called SEPTAs Center City fare zone.
Honey badgers are known for being extremely brave and resilient. Theyre not afraid to fight back when theyre cornered or trapped, and they can be quite fierce in their defense.
The 1910-11 season was the second year of the National Hockey Association, which eventually closed down.
The weather system developed into a tropical depression on November 18 and then quickly became a tropical storm.
Before the 20th century, people in English-speaking countries often used something called links to do this task, but nowadays theyre not used as much.
The African continent is the only other place on Earth that has as many different types of landscapes and climates as our own continent.
Santiago Santi Ezquerro Marín was born on December 14, 1976. He was a professional soccer player from Spain, and he played as a forward for his team.
Meet Pamela Weston, a famous British musician who played the clarinet. She was born on October 17, 1921, in London, England, and passed away on September 9, 2009, in Zurich, Switzerland. Pamela was not only a talented musician, but also a teacher and writer.
In the book Ubik (written in 1969), the author creates a world where psychic powers are very strong, and when someone dies, their consciousness or spirit doesnt just disappear, but instead, it can affect the reality around them, making it unstable and fragile.
Many people around the world can read and understand the poetry of Moore because it has been translated into multiple languages.
In the vast and isolated areas of the Australian outback, theres a special medical service called the Flying Doctor Service. This service provides medical care and emergency transportation to people who live in these remote areas, where its difficult for them to get to hospitals or medical facilities.
The city is located near two important places: San Francisco International Airport and Golden Gate National Cemetery.
The Everton Tigers are a basketball team that plays professionally in the city of Liverpool, in the country of England.
While the BBC Symphony Orchestra was performing its concerts and recording sessions elsewhere, it was also using Bedford School as a temporary venue.
Little Red Riding Hood is featured in a new book called Another Collection of Little Red Riding Hood Stories.
Pahari is a term used to describe a group of dialects spoken in the Himalayan Mountains, which cover a large area across several countries in South Asia.
Haynes learned how to dribble a basketball by watching his sisters play, and he also picked up some skills from playing on the rough outdoor courts in his hometown.
The ossuary has been a popular tourist destination since the early 1800s and has been open to the public regularly since 1867.
The national football team that represents Puerto Rico is in charge of the countrys football program. This team is part of a group called the Caribbean Football Union, which is also connected to a bigger organization called CONCACAF.
In 1859, the Spanish government asked a famous artist to draw pictures of the war between Spain and Morocco.
The name Key lime comes from its connection to the Florida Keys, where its commonly used to flavor a popular dessert called Key lime pie.
Steeles Avenue is a major road that runs east-west and marks the boundary between the city of Toronto and the surrounding area of York Region in Ontario, Canada.
On Earth, its extremely difficult to get nuclear fusion reactions going, which release more energy than it takes to start the reaction.
As the leader of a special team that handles national security, he was in charge of investigating the murder of President Park Chung-hee.
The Huron River starts in a wetland area called the Huron Swamp, located in Indian Springs Metropark in northern Oakland County. From there, it flows into Lake Erie, which is on the border between Wayne County and Monroe County.
The capital city of the Espaillat province in the Dominican Republic is called Moca.
By 2010, Pakistan was estimated to have a population of over 180 million people, which made it the sixth most populous country in the world, just behind Brazil and ahead of Russia.
If the XSL attack is successful, it could make the Serpent encryption algorithm less secure, although not as much as it would affect the Rijndael algorithm, which was later renamed AES.
In 1830, a big revolution took place in France, which ended the rule of the Orleans monarchy and led to the creation of a new government called the French Second Republic.
Last year, in 2005, a big storm called Hurricane Stan formed in the Atlantic Ocean. It was the 18th named storm of the year and the 11th hurricane to hit the area.
Berlingen is a town in a district called Steckborn, which is part of the state of Thurgau in Switzerland.
She has also composed music for kids, including a song called Lights and Shadows (1989) that features a childrens choir, a group of kids playing recorders, and lots of other percussion instruments.
This city is the only place in Germany where you can find a university that is specifically for Catholic students.
The Bobcats home basketball games are played at the Time Warner Cable Arena in downtown Charlotte.
The Class 170 Turbostar is a type of train that runs on diesel power and is made up of multiple cars. It was built by a company called Bombardier Transportation, which used to be called ADtranz, at a factory in Derby, England.
Recently, scientists have reorganized the classification of some rodents, and theyve grouped four types of mouse-like animals into a new subfamily called Deomyinae. These animals were previously placed in two other subfamilies, but the new grouping makes more sense now.
Although the name albacore might sound like its the same as the tuna, the fish we commonly call albacore is actually a different type of tuna altogether. Its scientific name is Thunnus alalunga.
In the movie Kingdom of Heaven, which was released in 2005, the final battle in Jerusalem is the most important part of the story.
After a big rebellion in the Danube region and a defeat in Germany, the Roman Empires finances started to get really tight. This was because three Roman armies were defeated in Germany, which meant the empire had to spend a lot of money to replace them.
The familys income would change depending on how well Youngs stories were selling. To make ends meet, he started taking on extra work from Sports Illustrated.
The Five Families are the five most powerful Italian-American crime groups that have controlled organized crime in New York City for many decades, starting in the 1930s.
The planet 51 Pegasi b is the official name given to this exoplanet. The b in its name means that it was the first planet to be discovered orbiting its star.
If your train or bus is delayed by 15 minutes or more, you may be able to get a refund from Transport for London (TfL) because the delay was caused by something that TfL can control.
The organizers of the race have partnered with a company that combines public and private resources to help promote the event.
On July 14, 2008, a low-pressure system moved over northern Florida, causing thunderstorms to develop across the entire state.
Jerry Falwell started a private Christian school called Lynchburg Christian Academy in 1967. He then founded a large Christian university called Liberty University in 1971. In 1979, he helped start a conservative organization called the Moral Majority.
Some plants can thrive in many indoor conditions, but they prefer indirect lighting. Direct sunlight can actually harm the plant, causing its leaves to turn yellow and become scorched.
The Macropedia, a reference book published in 2007, contains 699 in-depth articles. These articles can be anywhere from 2 to 310 pages long and include references and names of the people who contributed to them.
The True Buddha School is a place where people are studying Buddhism, but its different from what most people think Buddhism should be. In fact, this schools teachings seem to contradict the traditional ideas of Pure Land Buddhism.
Athe is a small town in Belgium, located in the province of Hainaut, which is part of the Walloon region.
When birds build nests in trees, they often create a windbreak to help them stay safe. However, this windbreak can also make it easier for predators like snakes or hawks to reach the nest, which increases the risk of the birds being attacked.
The first recorded use of soap-like substances dates back to around 2800 BC in ancient Babylon, where people likely created a form of soap from animal fat and plant ashes.
Most computers no longer use the serial port because its been replaced by newer technologies like USB and Firewire, which make it easier to connect devices to the computer.
The capital city of the Bahamas, called Nassau, is located on a large island called New Providence.
After Elizas death in 1900, the artist moved to a new home in Kirk Ireton. He then married a fellow artist named Kate Stevens Smith in 1900. They lived together in Idridgehay until the artist passed away in 1910.
In 1973, he left his job as a teacher and politician because he was elected to be a part of the Turkish governments parliament, which is a group of representatives chosen by the people.
The event started on June 1, 1990, and ended on November 30, 1990.
Walt Disney was the first person to have a star on the Anaheim Walk of Fame. This honor was given to him because of his important contributions to the city of Anaheim, California. One of the main reasons for this recognition was Disneyland, which is now part of the larger Disneyland Resort.
Past big-name performers at our main stage have included:
* 2005: Jeff Healy and Lighthouse
* 2007: The Trews
* 2008: Theory of a Deadman
We also have teams and tournaments from local sports, including:
* The Brantford Red Sox
* The Brantford Junior team
The new constitution of Italy, which is a country with no king or queen, will officially start being used today.
In 1996, a very important person in the Church of England, the Archbishop of Canterbury, gave him a special award for his work in creating music for the church.
The Romanian national football team represents Romania in international football competitions and is managed by the Romanian Football Federation.
There are two main types of plants in the ginger family that are commonly known as cardamom. These plants are spread out across different areas.
Peter Dowding was the leader of Western Australia from 1988 to 1990. He was in charge of the state government until he stepped down due to a disagreement with his own party.
Some people think that Hazaragi should be considered a separate language, while others believe its just a variation of Persian (also known as Farsi).
January 19, 1415: The city of Rouen in France surrendered to King Henry V of England, which gave England control over the region of Normandy.
Imagine you have two variables, X and Y, that can take on different values. The mutual information between these two variables is a measure of how much information one variable provides about the other. In other words, its a way to quantify how much knowing one variable helps us understand the other.
The Last Waltz was a big concert by a famous Canadian rock band called The Band. It happened on a special day in the United States called Thanksgiving, which is celebrated on November 25th. The concert took place at a popular music venue in San Francisco called Winterland Ballroom.
Despite not having strong laws to protect their inventions, companies in the software, semiconductor, and computer industries have still managed to be very innovative.
In the year 1419, the calendar used at that time, called the Julian calendar, started on a Sunday. This calendar was used until it was replaced by the Gregorian calendar in 1582.
As the play came to an end, the audience was suddenly brought back to reality and realized the importance of living a simple life connected to nature, something they could only dream of experiencing themselves.
The Valencia Orange was first grown by a scientist named William Wolfskill in California, on his farm in a city called Santa Ana.
In his first truck racing competition, Piquet achieved a great result, becoming the first Brazilian driver to finish in the top 10 in the history of the series.
FM signals can be created using two main methods: direct frequency modulation or indirect frequency modulation.
The way their brains work is surprisingly similar to the way human brains work.
The Battle of Nevilles Cross, which happened on October 17, 1346, near a city in England, was a very important and famous fight between the English and Scottish armies.
During the American Revolutionary War, the wooden palisades surrounding the fort were crucial to its defenders. The soft, spongy wood helped to absorb or deflect the British cannonballs, protecting the fort from damage.
The Palatinate forest, which is located in Germany, covers about one-third of the region and is the largest continuous forest area in the country.
Prescotts first trip took him to the island of São Miguel in the Azores, where his grandfather and grandmother from Portugal lived.
In 1935, Shines started touring with Johnson, visiting cities in the southern United States and even as far north as Ontario, Canada, where they performed on a local radio show.
Lets take a look at the statistics from the 1994-1995 season of the Austrian Football Bundesliga.
Fortunately, his family had a second home in a very different part of the country, which was the New Forest in England. He spent a lot of his childhood there, at a place called Bartley Lodge.
St. George, located in the southwestern part of the United States, is the second-fastest growing city in the country, after Greeley, Colorado.
Stárovís famous quote was: Neither with Vienna nor with Pest. Stároví was the only person in the parliament who agreed with a draft constitution written by Kvaternik in June 1861.
Eventually, the Orion spacecraft could play a crucial role in future human space missions that will take us beyond our planets orbit. These missions might include trips to areas like the Moon, Mars, and even asteroids that are close to Earth.
By reducing waste, SPC can also save time in the entire production process, from start to finish.
Malikpura Urban is one of the 51 smaller areas, called union councils, in the Abbottabad District of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.
Safenwil is a town in a district called Zofingen, which is part of the state of Aargau in Switzerland.
Microsoft Office 2010 is a set of programs that help you work and create documents, spreadsheets, and presentations on a computer, and its the latest version of Microsoft Office, which was introduced after Office 2007.
In Scotland and Northern Ireland, a type of pancake called drop scones or pancakes is similar to the American-style pancakes. Theyre often served in the same way as American pancakes.
The Vortex is a thrilling roller coaster that hangs in the air at Canadas Wonderland amusement park in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada.
The 2004 Summer Olympics, also known as the Games of the 28th Olympics, took place in Athens, Greece from August 13 to August 29, 2004. The event was a big international competition where athletes from all over the world came together to compete in various sports. The motto for the games was Welcome Home.
In the TV show Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles, which started on January 13, 2008, the actress Lena Glau played a character named Cameron Phillips. She was a special kind of Terminator sent back in time to protect John Connor and his mother Sarah from a powerful computer system called Skynet.
Budding is similar to binary fission, but its a process that happens in plants and some animals, not just single-celled organisms.
A list of 200 book titles was created by bookstores and journalists. Then, 17,000 people in France voted on a question: Which books have stuck with you and are still memorable?
When he was 15 years old in 1895, he finished school in Nakhichevan. Then, from 1897 to 1904, he went to the Moscow School of Arts, where he learned from two famous artists, Valentin Serov and Konstantin Korovin.
Daniel Inouye is a Democrat who helps make big decisions about how the government spends its money. Hes in charge of a very important committee in the US Senate that decides how to allocate funds for various projects and programs.
After the original game, The Sims, came out, two more games were made. The first one was called The Sims: Bustin Out, and the second one was a spin-off game called The Urbz: Sims in the City.
The La Plata Dolphin is a type of dolphin found in South America, specifically in the waters of Argentina and Uruguay.
When Tristan woke up, he heard the shepherd shouting that Isoldes ship had arrived. As soon as Kurwenal rushed to meet her, Tristan ripped off the bandages from his wounds, excited to see her.
After a big battle in 1139, the future king started calling himself the Prince of Portugal, which was a step towards becoming an independent country.
The Warsaw Uprising of 1794, also known as the Warsaw Insurrection, was a rebellion by the people of Warsaw against the government, which started at the same time as another uprising led by Tadeusz KoÅ ciuszko.
Sulfur dioxide is a type of chemical compound that has a specific formula.
When you invest in a mutual fund, you need to know what types of investments the fund will actually make. This information is listed in a document called the prospectus, which explains the funds goals, how it will invest, and what kinds of investments it can make.
Vicques is a small town located in a district called Delémont, which is part of a larger region called Jura in the country of Switzerland.
The Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) was created in 1961 to provide support to the US military in times of war. This decision was made by Secretary of Defense Robert S. McNamara, who was in charge of the countrys defense at the time, under the leadership of President John F. Kennedy.
In September 2005, the police force in Northern Ireland, called the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI), created a special team to look into the many unsolved murders that happened during a period of conflict called the Troubles, which lasted from 1968 to 1998. The team was looking at 3,269 murders that were never solved.
Ministry was a popular American rock band that was started by its lead singer, Al Jourgensen, back in 1981.
In the year 2000, the calendar started on a Saturday, following the rules of the Gregorian calendar.
By the afternoon, the storm was getting stronger and stronger. It eventually became a major hurricane with winds of 125 miles per hour and a clear center, or eye, that was easily visible.
Meet Fernando Moner, a former professional soccer player from Argentina. He was born on December 30, 1967, in a city called Mercedes, Argentina.
Macropus is a type of animal that belongs to a family of marsupials called Macropodidae. There are 14 different species of Macropus, and they are grouped into three smaller categories, or subgroups.
A strong storm system developed over the peninsula and then weakened before moving back into the Gulf of Mexico on July 4.
In 2006, a scientist was awarded a very special prize called the Nobel Prize. This prize is given to people who make important discoveries in science. The scientist, along with another scientist named Andrew Z. Fire, was recognized for their discovery of a way that cells can control which genes are turned on or off. This discovery is called RNA interference.
He came from a very influential family called the Ross Edwards, who had started a newspaper called El Mercurio many years ago.
Kurdistan is an independent area within Iraq.
Sunny Baudelaire is one of the main characters in the popular book series A Series of Unfortunate Events written by Lemony Snicket.
Our bodies have a natural defense system that helps fight off infections right away, and its found in all living things, from plants to animals.
A year after starring in a movie about a trans woman, she won a prestigious award called a Golden Globe and was even nominated for an even bigger award called an Academy Award.
Posters and flyers are very useful in marketing because they are inexpensive to make and can be easily handed out to customers.
Instead of looking at the board, he stares blankly at the ceiling and walls, which is actually pretty normal for top players who are so focused on their calculations that they dont even need to glance at the board.
Salama Moussas writings are still very popular, and people are reading them more than ever before.
The city of Salzburg was involved in the 2014 Olympics and had its own website for tourism information.
Just like mythical creatures like sirens, mermaids are said to use their enchanting voices to lure people away from their tasks. They might sing to ordinary people or to gods, making them forget about their responsibilities and causing them to lose control of their ships, which could lead to accidents.
In some Bantu Kavirondo cultures, married women wear a small piece of black string in front of their body and a long, thin string made from banana fibers hanging from a belt behind. The string hanging from the belt looks like a tail.
When magicians are performing, their real names are often written in parentheses.
The Clay Theory is a scientific idea that suggests life on Earth began from tiny particles of clay. This idea was first proposed by a scientist named A. Graham Cairns-Smith in 1985, and later explored by other scientists, including famous evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins.
The Boeing 737NG has a bigger fuel tank and special wing tips that help it fly farther, just like other similar planes, for about 3,200 nautical miles.
When Fritz Lang was planning his movie, he got some ideas from a trip he took to New York City.
The Rainforest Cafe restaurants are very well-known for their theme, which is a recreation of a tropical rainforest.
In the early 20th century, during World War I, countries like Italy, Germany, and the United States also developed and started using machine guns that could fire multiple rounds automatically.
J.J. Thomson was a scientist who won a very important award in 1906 for his discovery of a tiny particle called the electron, and for his research on how electricity moves through gases.
In the Solaris operating system and some other operating systems, like BSD, they are also called slices.
Ben Schwartz also voices the character Tom in the Tom and Jerry movies.
The Bryan Brothers won their fifth Australian Open title in the mens doubles competition. Meanwhile, Gisela Dulko and Flavia Pennetta achieved their first Grand Slam victory in the womens doubles event.
Orton disrupted Mysterios and Angles individual wrestling matches.
This TV show first aired on the Fox channel in the United States on November 15, 1990.
As time went on, the demand for slide rules decreased rapidly because small electronic calculators became affordable and widely available.
The Sassanians were a powerful and artistic people who lived in Iran. Their culture had a big impact on the early Islamic world when the Muslims took over Iran. The Sassanians had a special and elegant way of living that was unlike anything else in the region.
The Kunar River gets its water from melting snow and ice in the Hindu Kush mountains.
The countrys coastline along the Arabian Sea is approximately 1,046 kilometers long, and it also protects the countrys major ports and harbors.
In 989, a huge earthquake damaged the famous dome of Hagia Sophia in Constantinople (now Istanbul). The leaders of the Byzantine Empire asked a skilled architect named Trdat to come to the city to help fix the damage.
In 1975, Bobby Fischer refused to defend his chess title because he couldnt agree with the World Chess Federation (FIDE) on the rules for the match.
The way a bullet moves through a gun barrel is called internal ballistics.
After the success of their first album Definitely Maybe, Oasis released another very popular album called (Whats the Story) Morning Glory? which became their best-selling album to date.
In the 13th century, Japan was ruled by a powerful military government called the Kamakura Shogunate. This government was founded in 1192 by a man named Minamoto no Yoritomo, who became the first leader of the shogunate.
These satellites are in the same orbit around the Earth and have similar brightness patterns.
The story takes place in a fantasy world thats inspired by ancient Greece, but its not set in the exact time period that we learn about in history class.
The MTRC (a company responsible for building the metro) also helped pay for the construction costs of the new stations, which included many big projects.
Two famous pieces from this time period are Divertimento for String Orchestra (1939) and Music for Strings, Percussion, and Celesta (1936).
The first episode of the TV show Sweet Children aired on October 17, 1987, at a restaurant in Vallejo, California, where the shows star, Armstrong, was working with his mother.
New words and phrases have been added to our language from TV shows and movies that originated in the United States and Australia.
Banjo Paterson was a famous Australian poet, writer, and journalist who lived from 1864 to 1941.
After leaving his job in the government, he moved back to Berlin and became the editor of a conservative newspaper called the Kreuzzeitung.
After completing his fellowship, Stern was offered a job at the University of Berlin, but he decided to return to the United States. He made this decision in 1932 and later became a U.S. citizen in 1939.
The Edge, a musician, recorded all the songs using his favorite guitar, a Gibson Explorer.
During the French Revolution, the city was renamed Franciade for a short time, but the royal cemetery was also vandalized and destroyed.
The Dallas Texans football team was started by a man named Lamar Hunt in 1960. It was one of the first teams to join a new league called the American Football League (AFL).
Artur Schnabel was a famous Austrian musician who played the piano, wrote music, and also taught others how to play the piano.
Abraham Gamse was born on August 1, 1914, in Whitechapel, London. His father, Joseph Gamse, was a photographer from Latvia, and his mother, Sarah, was a seamstress from a place near the border of Russia and Poland.
This template helps you create a map or navigation page quickly, especially if youre working with a group of articles that list all 50 US states.
This ancient item was made from the skin of an animal, and it had a natural pouch inside.
Located in the state of Chiapas, Mexico, are the ancient Mayan cities of Palenque, Yaxchilán, Bonampak, Chinkultic, and Toniná. These cities are famous for their well-preserved ruins and offer a glimpse into the history and culture of the ancient Mayans.
The economic success stories of South Korea and Taiwan became famous as the Miracle on the Han River and the Taiwan Miracle. These stories have inspired many other countries that are still developing, especially the countries known as the Tiger Cub Economies.
During the Cold War, the Western countries, led by the United States and its allies in NATO, formed a group of nations that opposed the Soviet Union and its allies in the Warsaw Pact.
March 29, 1998, was a special day in the world of professional wrestling. The Undertaker, a famous wrestler, defeated his brother Kane in a big match called WrestleMania XIV. This was a big deal because it was Kanes seventh time that The Undertaker had beaten him in a WrestleMania match.
General Suharto was a clever politician who outsmarted President Sukarno. In March 1968, he was officially chosen as the new president of Indonesia.
The 1989 Hymnal includes two versions of the traditional Christmas carol: the original version and a more inclusive version that was introduced in 1988. This new version includes the phrase he descended to the dead, which is a more modern way of saying he went to be with his ancestors.
On weather maps, youll see different symbols that show not just the areas where weather is changing, but also what the current weather is like at different places on the map.
When a plant is fully grown, it produces its reproductive cells (called gametes) through a process called mitosis.
The national football team of Montenegro is in charge of representing the country in the sport of football. The team is overseen by the Football Association of Montenegro, which is the main organization that governs football in Montenegro.
The new devices that transfer data at 1.6 gigabits per second and 3.2 gigabits per second will use the same type of connectors as the old FireWire 800 devices. This means they will work perfectly with any existing FireWire 800 devices, and also be compatible with devices that transfer data at 400 megabits per second and 800 megabits per second.
A survey of Premier League fans in 2007 found that most fans thought the view from the seats at the Emirates Stadium was the best in the league, and that the view from the seats at other stadiums was second best.
The Manics released their first album, Generation Terrorists, in 1992.
The main university in Tel Aviv is called Tel Aviv University.
For the first time, he participated in the Vuelta a España, a big cycling race in Spain. He won two stages and finished 33rd overall.
When Steve Ballmer was in charge of the companys finances, Bill Gates still made the big decisions about what kind of technology the company would develop.
Kofi Annan, the head of the United Nations, shared the 2001 Nobel Peace Prize with the United Nations organization itself.
Before becoming a famous actor, he appeared in two notable movies: a comedy called Cant Hardly Wait (1998) and a romantic comedy called Heartbreakers (2001), where he starred alongside actress Sigourney Weaver.
Masur was the conductor of the Dresden Philharmonic Orchestra for two separate periods: from 1958 to 1961, and then again from 1967 to 1972.
When measuring the height of a building, we only count the main structure, including things like walls and floors, but not things like radio towers or antennas that are attached to the building.
Exploring the Amazing Achievements of Human Creativity and Innovation
The German-speaking community has its own government, which is chosen by its own group of leaders for a period of five years.
A year after the Soviet Union stopped supporting Iran, the Kurdish government was taken over by the Iranian government.
After they were electrified, they were used as trailers. Later, two of them were converted into single-deck trams, which were numbered 50 and 51.
The San Francisco 49ers are part of a group of teams in the National Football League (NFL) called the Western Division. This division is one of the groups that make up the National Football Conference (NFC).
Austria-Hungary was a country that existed from 1867 to 1918. It was a special kind of government where two powerful leaders, one from Austria and one from Hungary, ruled together. This was known as a dual monarchy, meaning that there were two monarchs (or kings) who shared power.
In string theory, the number of dimensions of spacetime isnt always the same. It can change depending on the situation.
Mortsel is a town and community that is near the city of Antwerp, which is located in the province of Antwerp in Belgium.
The Joint Chiefs of Staff created a new organization called the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) on August 1, 1961. The DIA started working on October 1, 1961, with a small team of employees who worked in a temporary office space.
100 years later, Katara, a 14-year-old girl who could control water, and her 15-year-old brother Sokka, a skilled warrior, rescued Aang, a young monk who could fly on a flying bison named Appa, from a huge block of ice.
A debugger is a special kind of computer program that helps us find and fix mistakes in other programs.
Some people in the mountains still speak a dialect called Ticinese, but its not used in official situations, like in government or business.
The opera season at La Scala usually starts on December 7th, which is also the special day to celebrate Saint Ambrose, the patron saint of Milan.
The animal was a plant-eater that used its front teeth to pull leaves off trees. Its front teeth pointed downwards, while its back teeth pointed upwards.
DragonForce, a popular English heavy metal band, released their third album called Inhuman Rampage in two different dates: January 9, 2006, and June 20, 2006, in North America.
The Beatles, a famous English rock band, wrote a song called A Day in the Life. This song was the last track on their 1967 album, which was called Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Tayasal is an ancient Maya city that was built a long time ago, before the arrival of Christopher Columbus in the Americas.
When Ray started his career as an artist, he became interested in making movies on his own after meeting a famous French filmmaker named Jean Renoir and watching a powerful Italian film called Bicycle Thieves while he was visiting London.
Stoke-on-Trent is famous for being the birthplace of the pottery industry in England, and its often called The Potteries.
Chièvres is a town in a region called Hainaut, which is part of a country called Belgium.
Marianne Herzog was a journalist who dated a man named Jan Carl Raspe in 1939. Later, in the early 1970s, she joined a group called the Baader-Meinhof Gang, which was led by Raspe.
A long time ago, during the Cambrian period, there was a sudden and rapid change in the evolution of life on Earth, which scientists call the Cambrian explosion.
The Tehsils and Unions in Mardan District, Pakistan are located at a specific latitude and longitude. The area is 316 meters (1040 feet) above sea level.
Until the Christian era, a mountain in Paris was known as Mount of Mars. Later, it was renamed Mount of the Martyr because of a famous Christian saint named Saint Denis, who was beheaded on that hill around 250 AD.
As the snow started to melt, the sled came to a stop, and they had to keep going on foot because the witchs magic was weakening.
When you make a pinhole smaller, the image that appears on the screen becomes clearer and sharper, but the light that passes through the pinhole becomes weaker, making the image appear dimmer.
The last person to hold the title of Prince-Archbishop was Hieronymus of Colloredo. He is especially famous because he was a great supporter of the famous composer Mozart.
USA Today was the most popular newspaper in the United States until November 2003, when it was beaten by another newspaper called USA Today.
In 1704, he moved to Hamburg, Germany, where he became a musician in the orchestra of the citys opera house. He played the violin and harpsichord in the orchestra.
Bobby Darin was a famous American singer, actor, and musician who was born on May 14, 1936, and passed away on December 20, 1973.
A long time ago, a large army from a place called the Ottoman Empire was trying to invade a city. But when they arrived at the Danube River, they were shocked to see thousands of dead bodies, some of which were rotting, stuck in the mud and trees along the riverbank. This was so terrifying that the army turned around and ran away.
There are over 300 websites called Kijiji available in more than 300 cities in Germany.
The Grand Inquisitor is a short story within a novel called The Brothers Karamazov, written by Fyodor Dostoevsky in the late 1800s. Its a conversation between two main characters, Ivan and Alyosha.
When Gladys was born, her last name was listed as Mortenson on her birth certificate. However, she quickly changed it to Baker, which was the surname of her first husband, and she continued to use it even after they got divorced.
When someone or a company gives money or valuable things to someone else, its called an outflow of cash or assets.
The planet Bamberga has a very elliptical orbit, which means its brightness changes a lot. When its at its closest point to the sun (called perihelion), it can be as bright as the moon Titan, which orbits Saturn, and can be seen with a telescope as bright as +8.0, which is quite impressive!
Stoicism was a type of ancient Greek philosophy that started in Athens, Greece, around 300 years ago, founded by a man named Zeno.
As the day comes to a close, I realize that lifes small pleasures fade away, and the worlds beauty and greatness start to disappear. I see that everything around me is changing and falling apart. But you, who remain the same, please stay with me.
The New York City Transit Police Department was a special police force that was created in 1953 to keep the subway and buses in New York City safe.
In the year 2006, about 7,542 people lived in the town of Gunnedah. Of those, about 931 were Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander people, which is about 12.3% of the total population.
Virginia Beach is a popular vacation spot with many beautiful beaches and a wide range of hotels, restaurants, and other amenities right on the ocean.
Tragically, two drivers lost their lives during the Formula 1 race. One driver, Roland Ratzenberger, died in a crash during the qualifying session on Saturday. Another driver, Ayrton Senna, died while racing on Sunday after crashing into a corner.
In 1979 and 1980, two spacecraft called Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 took pictures of a moon called Amalthea. Later, in the 1990s, a spacecraft called Galileo took even more detailed pictures of Amalthea.
The House of Representatives special committee, which was formed to investigate the assassination, concluded in 1979 that President John F. Kennedy was likely killed as part of a larger conspiracy, rather than by a lone gunman.
The city of St. Augustine was founded by a man named Bartholomew Columbus in 1496. Its special because its the oldest city in the Americas that people have lived in for a long time, and it was the first place in the New World where the Spanish government controlled the area.
The old mill is a great example of a factory that was built a long time ago, in the 1800s, and its still in good condition today.
In 1986, a man named Jonathan Pollard was caught and admitted to spying on the United States by selling sensitive information about the US military to Israel.
When the Arabs took control of Persia, they introduced the game of chess to the Muslim world. From there, it spread to southern Europe.
Lets take a look at the statistics of the top players in Austrias football league during the 1913-1914 season.
The album had a mix of different styles, including heavy metal, psychedelic rock, classic rock, and punk music.
Oliver Wolcott was born in a town called Windsor, Connecticut, to a family with many children. He was the youngest of 14 siblings, and his father was a very important person in the government, known as the royal governor.
The Monarchy was officially known as The Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council and the Lands of the Crown of St. Stephen around the world.
The person in charge of making decisions for a region that is self-governing is called the Chief Minister.
Wallonia is the southern part of Belgium where most people speak French as their first language.
Remember, just because a page or article is not very well-known, it doesnt mean it can be deleted quickly. The rules for deleting pages or articles are still in place, and we need to follow them carefully.
The National Air Traffic Services (NATS) is the main company in the UK that helps control and guide planes in the air.
In the first round of the playoffs, there are four games in each group of teams, based on how well they did in the regular season. The teams are matched up in a way that the best teams play the worst teams, and the second-best teams play the second-worst teams, and so on.
When he started his second year as a coach, Whisenhunt decided to choose a more experienced quarterback, Kurt Warner, to be the teams main player.
The Cherokee Outlet, also known as the Cherokee Strip, is a historical area in the state of Oklahoma, USA. Its an important part of American history.
São Paulo is the most culturally diverse city in Brazil. After slavery was abolished in Brazil in 1850, many African people who were brought to the country as slaves began to leave, and immigrants from other parts of the world, especially from Europe, started to move to São Paulo to work on coffee plantations.
The Bank of America Stadium is the home field of the Carolina Panthers, a professional American football team that plays in the National Football League (NFL).
To make the party more attractive, the party changed its name to the National Socialist German Workers Party.
Many people who live outside of Armenia, especially those who are of Armenian descent, also speak this language.
During a strong storm in New Orleans, Louisiana, winds blew at a speed of 70 miles per hour, causing many trees to fall over and flood the streets.
February 15, 1212, marks an important event in history. Thats the day Ferdinand III becomes the Holy Roman Emperor, a powerful leader in medieval Europe.
In 2007, a big video game company called Electronic Arts (EA) bought the rights to some popular toys and games from a company called Hasbro. This means that EA now owns the rights to play with and use these toys and games, such as Monopoly, Littlest Pet Shop, and Nerf.
An aquifer is a layer of rock or soil that is made up of tiny holes and spaces, allowing water to flow through it and be stored.
When you share or perform the work, whether its in a book, a movie, or any other form, you must also share or perform any changes you make to the original work.
In the movie The Last Airbender, the character is played by actor Jackson Rathbone.
Bissone is a town located in the Lugano district, which is part of the Ticino region in Switzerland.
Alfredo Di Stéfano was born on July 4, 1926, in a city in Argentina called Buenos Aires. His family was originally from Italy, and his full name is Alfredo Di Stéfano Laulhé.
Reverberation is when you hear a sound for a longer time than it should, even after the source of the sound has stopped making it. For example, when you clap your hands in a big empty room, you might still hear the echo of the clap for a few seconds after you stop clapping.
In China, where the country is divided into provinces, counties are the third level of local government. They are also under the control of a smaller area called a prefecture.
When we want to send a secret message, we need to create a special code to protect it. The message itself is called the message, and the special code we create to protect it is sometimes called the message digest or just digest.
In the International System of Units (SI), acceleration is measured in meters per second squared, which is a way of showing how fast an object is changing its speed.
A ceasefire is different from a truce or a surrender. A truce is when two sides agree to stop fighting, but they dont necessarily give up their arms. A surrender is when one side agrees to stop fighting and give up their arms completely.
Before he joined the famous band Metallica, he started his own band called Exodus.
In 1901, a new bus route called the Marton loop was opened. It connected two main stops: Central Station and Talbot Square. The route ran along several streets, including Church Street, Devonshire Square, Whitegate Drive, Waterloo Road, and Central Drive.
Seer Gharbi is one of the 51 local councils in the Abbottabad district of the North-West Frontier Province in Pakistan.
Triple H, whose real name is Paul Levesque, is a famous American wrestler and actor. He was born on July 27, 1969.
In 1940, he started teaching psychology at a university in a city called Königsberg.
The WWE Summer Slam is a big event where professional wrestlers compete against each other. It usually happens in June or July.
This city plays a very important role in the country, serving as a hub for government, culture, and business.
The 2016 Summer Paralympics will take place in the same city as the Summer Olympics, and will be organized by the same team. The games will start on September 7 and end on September 18.
The Disneyland Resort Line is a train service that connects to the Hong Kong Disneyland theme park. The park opened on September 12, 2005.
The main body of the 737-500 is about the same length as the 737-200, but it has some new features that make it better than the older 737 models.
Primary agriculture includes activities like raising animals, growing trees, fishing, and farming crops like wheat, sugar beets, and potatoes.
Scientists have found that the ancestors of Velociraptor, a type of dinosaur, had feathers and possibly even wings. This suggests that Velociraptor might have had feathers too, because even birds that cant fly still have a lot of feathers.
The next year, the area that was previously known as New Norfolk County was divided into two separate counties: Upper Norfolk County, which was later renamed Nansemond County, and Lower Norfolk County.
Six of the seven objects weve discovered so far are located in a curved area around the Sun and Neptune, about 60 million kilometers ahead of Neptune.
A list of topics related to ordering helps us organize and understand the different ideas in the study of ordering.
When food is processed, some of it can be wasted, and its hard to reduce this waste without affecting the quality of the final product.
Tikal is a very important ancient city in Mexico that was once the capital of the Maya civilization before the arrival of the Spanish conquistadors.
The choir typically performs in 4-5 concerts each year, and also works with a local orchestra called the Southern Sinfonia on a regular basis.
Over time, cold water from the ocean can create special landforms, called seeps, where methane gas from the seafloor reacts with seawater to form new types of rock, like limestone and coral reefs.
Barnacles are creatures that attach themselves to hard surfaces, like rocks or boats, and stay there forever. The most common type of barnacle, called acorn barnacles, actually grows its shell right onto the surface its attached to.
The work of a bank in Bangladesh called Grameen Bank inspired the creation of a new organization called the Grameen Foundation. This organization aims to share the ideas and principles of Grameen Bank with others, and to help make a bigger difference in the lives of the worlds poorest people by providing them with small loans and financial support.
The Israelites had a very challenging and perilous journey from being slaves in Egypt to finally being free in the Promised Land. Because of this, the Jordan River can be seen as a symbol of freedom.
Today, the word proselytizing often has a bad connotation. It usually refers to when someone tries to convince others to change their beliefs or join their religion, often in a way thats seen as pushy or forceful.
During the winter months, we add an extra hour-long program to our schedule, which airs from 6:00 to 7:00 PM, Monday through Friday.
The Birmingham International Directory has its main office at Watergate House, and the company that prints the directory is located in a place called the New Harbours industrial estate.
Steven Patrick Morrissey, also known as Morrissey, was born on May 22, 1959, at a hospital in a town called Davyhulme, in a county called Lancashire, in the north of England. His parents were Irish immigrants who came to live in England.
Sometimes, noble gases can be trapped inside a special kind of molecule called a fullerene. This is called an endohedral fullerene compound, and its like a tiny guest room inside the fullerene molecule where the noble gas atom lives.
The Class 378 Capitalstar is a special train that runs on electricity and is part of a group of trains called Electrostar. Its been ordered to be used on the new London Overground train network.
The original version of the service has been changed and is now used by many different churches around the world. The Lessons and Carols service is usually held in Anglican churches, but its also held in some Catholic, Lutheran, and Presbyterian churches.
Date Palms can also be found in grasslands and dry areas with little water, but they often thrive near water sources, like oases in the desert.
In 1450, the Ten Jurisdictions League joined forces with the League of Gods House, which was a powerful alliance that helped pave the way for the creation of the canton of Graubünden.
When that didnt work, a huge number called one hundred million was used.
Patricio Rey y Sus Redonditos de Ricota was a popular rock band from Argentina. They gained a huge following among fans in the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s, and people loved their music so much that it became a kind of cult phenomenon.
The upper lip was very flexible and moved a lot.
Last year, a hurricane named Eugene made landfall on the Pacific coast of Mexico in July, which is the first time this has happened since 1954.
The University of Rochester and the Rochester Institute of Technology, which are both located in the same area, offer programs that teach people how to take pictures and create images. In 2006, the University of Rochester became the biggest employer in the Rochester area, beating out Kodak, a well-known camera company.
Addendum: A brief history of the debate about the similarities and differences between the human brain and the brains of apes, pages 113-118.
Sidecar-Cross racing is a type of motocross thats similar to regular motocross, but with a few key differences. Instead of a single rider, there are two people on a motorcycle - one person drives the bike and the other person sits in a special sidecar thats attached to the back of the bike. This team of two riders work together to navigate the course and complete the race.
Some people who didnt think they needed a special protection against illness were given a reward for eating the food, while others competed to win immunity.
Mr. Children is a popular Japanese rock band that was formed in 1988 by four friends: Kazutoshi Sakurai, Kenichi Tahara, Keisuke Nakagawa, and Hideya Suzuki.
When we use the will property, it creates columns that can automatically adjust their width based on the size of the browser window. This means that the browser will decide how many columns to show, depending on how wide the window is.
The Tehsils and Unions in Mardan District, Pakistan are located at a specific latitude and longitude. The district is situated at a height of 1754 meters (5757 feet) above sea level.
Maidstone is a town that is part of a larger area called a borough.
This was the first motorcycle racing event to be held at the facility since it opened in August 1909.
Before European settlers arrived, the area now known as the Murrurundi district was inhabited by the Wanaruah and possibly the Kamilaroi Aboriginal people.
The famous Italian architect, Minoletti, designed the Andrea Doria ship with luxury in mind.
The movie Depressed Dixie has a score composed by Joel McNeely.
She was about to hurt Edmund, but just in time, a group of rescuers sent by Aslan arrived and saved him. They freed him from the tree and brought him to his siblings and the rest of Aslans army.
James Marshall Hendrix, also known as Jimi Hendrix, was a famous American musician who played the guitar, sang, and wrote songs. He was born on November 27, 1942, and sadly passed away on September 18, 1970.
When he started playing music with a band called Américo y la Nueva Alegría, he became famous. He comes from a musical family - his dad, Melvin Corazón Américo, is a singer who often sings with his wife, Marcela Toledo.
During the rainy season, hunting buffalo became impossible because the ground was too muddy to track them, and the hides they provided would spoil quickly.
Meet Pierre Monteux, a famous conductor who led orchestras from 1875 to 1964.
Carlo Cafiero was a famous Italian man who believed in a way of living called anarchism. He was a big supporter of a man named Mikhail Bakunin, who lived a long time ago in the 1800s.
One of his main areas of study was how to make smart investments, and how governments can control the economy through money and taxes, as well as how financial markets work.
She became very opposed to Napoleon III and was even considered to have thought about killing him.
The Court Opera, also known as the Hofoper, was officially opened with a performance of a famous opera called Cesare e Cleopatra by Carl Heinrich Graun on December 7, 1742. Note: I made the following changes to make it more accessible to Grade 11 students:
Back in 2006, Variety magazine announced that actress Eliza Dushku would star alongside actor Macaulay Culkin in a new movie called Sex and Breakfast. The movie is a type of comedy called a dark comedy, and it was written and directed by a filmmaker named Miles Brandman.
The reason Neptune looks blue is similar to why Uranus looks blue. This is because methane in Neptunes atmosphere absorbs red light, which makes the planet appear blue. However, Neptunes blue color is much more intense than Uranuss. Scientists think that theres something else in Neptunes atmosphere thats contributing to its bright blue color, because the amount of methane in Neptunes atmosphere is similar to Uranuss.
In some cases, bacteria are considered part of the plants ecosystem, while in other cases, they are treated as a separate group from the plants flora.
In the second season of the show, The Mask faces off against a crazy scientist named Chronos. She sends The Mask to the future and to a time when people were being accused of witchcraft in Salem, Massachusetts.
If you need to use the Wikipedia or Wikimedia logos, you should contact the Wikimedia Foundation first. This is because those logos are trademarked, which means they can only be used with permission from the Wikimedia Foundation.
Most portals are connected to other portals that are related to them, either on the same level (related portals) or below them (subportals).
For many years, the famous Concerts Colonne series was closely associated with the music of Charles Pierné. In 1910, he became the main conductor of the series, which was founded by Édouard Colonne in 1903.
Meet Hlmar Arn Eyjolfsson, a professional football player from Iceland. He was born on August 6, 1990, and plays as a defender for a team called West Ham United.
When you mix a peroxide salt with too much water or a weak acid, it breaks down and releases hydrogen peroxide.
Electric power is the amount of energy that flows through an electric circuit per unit of time.
Ares is a character from ancient Greek mythology. He is often associated with the Roman god Mars. You can find more information about Ares in classical literature and in ancient Greek and Roman art.
After finishing the treatment program at Daytop Village in Connecticut, Robinson Jr. became a counselor at the same place where he had received his training.
In 2006, four of the original members of the group - Robinson, Breen, Neville, and Brown - got back together for a short time without their original lead singer, Conlon. They were helped by a new team of managers, led by a music expert named Richard Beck.
Tamano was born into a family of politicians. His father was a senator who passed away, and his mother was a respected community leader.
In 1979, Aldo Gucci created a new line of accessories called the Gucci Accessories Collection, or GAC. This was done to help boost sales of Guccis perfume business, which was run by his sons.
The title of Caliph was first claimed by a ruler named Abd-ar-Rahman III on January 16, 929. He was previously known as the leader of the city of Córdoba.
Renato is a former professional soccer player from Brazil. He was born on February 21, 1957, in a city called Morungaba, in the state of São Paulo. He played as a midfielder, which means he was good at controlling the ball and helping his team move it up the field.
About a year ago, Monroe talked to a newspaper called the New York Times about her dreams of becoming an actress. She said she wanted to improve her skills and play more serious roles in movies and TV shows.
Between 1914 and 1922, the Jiménez-Camprubí couple translated 22 of Rabindranath Tagores books from English into Spanish and made significant changes to some of his works, including The Crescent Moon.
The Indre-et-Loire department is located in the western part of France and is named after the two main rivers that run through it, the Indre and the Loire.
TIFF is a type of file that stores pictures, including photos and drawings.
The symphony developed from the overture, and during the second half of the 1700s, the key of D major was used more often than any other key for overtures.
Traditionally, people who cry in public, like in a play or a movie, wear fancy clothes. They usually wear a bright red and gold outfit, white pants, black shoes, and a special three-cornered hat.
Debra and Stephanie bought a new truck for Stone Cold, but just as they were about to give it to him, Angle suddenly attacked Austin from behind and hit him on the head with a pipe.
After working in the Senate office for 3 years, Wowereit decided to run for a local council seat in the Tempelhof district.
The band has four members: Tyson Ritter plays the bass guitar and sings, Nick Wheeler plays the lead guitar, Mike Kennerty plays the rhythm guitar, and Chris Gaylor plays the drums.
The movie Alice in Wonderland is an animated film made by Walt Disney. Its based on a book called Alices Adventures in Wonderland, written by Lewis Carroll. However, Disney also added some extra ideas from another book called Through the Looking-Glass.
In January 2003, the office that was in charge of national security was moved to a new department called the Department of Homeland Security. This department was created by a law called the Homeland Security Act, which was passed in 2002.
In 1958, the lawyers in Washington D.C. voted to allow African-Americans to become members of the local bar association.
Engineers at a company found a way to turn old underground gas fields into new storage areas.
Combinations are a type of underwear that combines a top (like a vest or camisole) with pants (like trousers or drawers).
By the mid-1970s, Roger Waters, the bands singer and bass player, took on a more important role and became the main person driving the bands music. He remained in the band until 1985, when he eventually left.
Our goal is to create a low-cost racing series that allows young drivers to compete against the best in the country.
Tammy Wynette was a famous American singer who wrote her own songs and was one of the most popular female singers in country music.
Bronislaw Huberman, a friend of Feuermanns, helped Feuermann and his family escape to Israel.
Angela Merkel is a very special person. She is the first woman to hold the position of Chancellor in Germany, and she is also the first person from East Germany to do so. Additionally, she is the youngest person to become Chancellor of Germany since the end of World War II.
Gedinne is a town in a region called Walloon, which is part of a larger area called Belgium. Its located in a province called Namur.
In electronics, a voltage divider is a basic circuit that takes in a certain amount of electricity (called the input voltage) and reduces it to a smaller amount (called the output voltage).
After some initial difficulties, Englands military successes at Crécy and Poitiers set the stage for a very favorable peace treaty with France, known as the Treaty of Brétigny.
John Crowley passed away on December 1, 1947, at the age of 72. His doctor said that he died from a lung infection.
Mulberries that are fully ripe are typically a deep purple or black color, and are sweet and delicious to eat.
The city where Pierre de Coubertin, the person who started the modern Olympic Games, was born was chosen to host the games. This city beat out other cities like Amsterdam, Los Angeles, Rio de Janeiro, and Rome, even though Paris had already hosted the Olympics in 1900.
Esneux is a town in the province of Liège, which is a region in Belgium.
The term Diaspora originated from the ancient Jewish people who were scattered across the world after the Babylonians conquered Jerusalem in 586 BCE.
He was a very important ruler in the 11th century, and he was the third person to rule the Salian dynasty, which was a powerful and influential group of leaders at that time.
For his entire cricket career, he played for Middlesex. For his entire football career, he played for Arsenal Football Club.
Armenia is a country located in the southern part of the Caucasus region. It is surrounded by two big seas, the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea. To the north and east, it shares borders with two countries, Georgia and Azerbaijan. To the south and west, it shares borders with two other countries, Iran and Turkey.
Looking west, youll see Limehouse station. To the east, the DLR (a type of subway) splits into two lines. One line goes to Poplar station, and the other line goes to West India Quay station.
When a star has lived for a long time, it will eventually lose its outer layers and create a beautiful, glowing cloud of gas and dust that we call a planetary nebula.
Most of the information people share about Chuck Norris is exaggerated and not true. Its often silly and over-the-top claims about how tough, confident, and masculine he is.
In 1620, a dispute broke out at the Chester cross between the butchers and the bakers. During the fight, the town criers mace was broken into pieces.
Silvía Night was the singer who represented Iceland in the Eurovision Song Contest that took place in 2006.
Mike Schatz is a famous voice actor from the United States. Hes well-known for playing a character named Emory on a popular TV show called Aqua Teen Hunger Force, which is also featured in a movie.
The Mall of America, also known as MOA, is a huge shopping center located in Bloomington, Minnesota, which is a suburb of the Twin Cities in the United States.
The Metropolitan Cammell Carriage and Wagon Company was a company that made trains and train cars in Birmingham, England. It was originally based in a place called Saltley, but later moved to another location called Washwood Heath.
The word liturgy comes from ancient Greek and means public service. Its made up of two words: laos (meaning people) and urgos (meaning work). Together, they form the phrase work of the people, which describes the kind of service thats being performed.
Under Jon Stewart, The Daily Show shifted its focus more towards politics and the news, rather than just pop culture, which was a bigger part of the show when Craig Kilborn was hosting.
Some cephalopods, like squid and octopuses, have a special trick to hide from predators. They can make themselves glow in the dark, shining the light downwards to make their shadows disappear, making it harder for predators to spot them.
When Bischoff made a move, Guerrero created a new group called the Latino World Order, which was inspired by Bischoffs own group, the New World Order.
In the early 1940s, Chatmon moved to Hollandale, Mississippi, where he worked on farms and plantations.
The name Les Baux comes from a village in southern France where a geologist named Pierre Berthier first discovered it in 1821.
The National Mall in Washington, D.C. is about the same size as 125 football fields.
A natural resource is considered renewable if it can be replenished by natural processes, such as the water cycle or the growth of plants and trees, over time.
In 2000, Masur took over as the leader of the London Philharmonic Orchestra and held that job until 2007.
Taylor Swift is a famous singer and songwriter from the United States. She was born on December 13, 1989.
When youre writing a template in MediaWiki, its sometimes hard to figure out whats going wrong. Dont worry, there are some strategies, or tactics, that can help you track down and fix the problem.
Editor Arnie Klein, a well-known writer, offers John a chance to write a column every week, where he can share funny stories and experiences about everyday life.
After his father, Edward II, had a very poor and disastrous reign, Edward III took over and worked hard to make England a strong and powerful country in Europe.
A game is a planned activity that people do for fun, and sometimes its also used to learn new things.
A long time ago, a region called Sophene broke away from a larger kingdom called Sophene-Commagene and became its own independent kingdom.
We are proud of what weve achieved.
With huge smiles on their faces, the two penguins started dancing together, joined by the other penguins in the group.
Examples of polysaccharides include starch and glycogen, which are used for storage, and cellulose and chitin, which provide structure to plants and animals.
The ancestors of modern elephants, known as Loxodonta, have only been discovered in Africa, and they lived there about 5 million years ago during the Pliocene era.
The Verzasca valley is situated between the Ticino River and the Maggia River.
This piece of music is very popular among music teachers and kids, just like some other famous works by Prokofiev and Britten.
The Strata Florida Abbey was rebuilt after it was destroyed in a battle between King Edward I of England and the people of Wales many years ago.
Tim Horton, a famous Canadian hockey player, started a new business in 1964 in Hamilton, Ontario. He teamed up with Jim Charade to open a restaurant that served burgers, but it didnt work out. Later, they tried again and opened a coffee shop that became very popular, and its still around today.
In 1995 and 1996, two popular wrestling shows, Raw and Nitro, had a close and intense competition against each other, with each show winning some matches and losing others.
In 1997, the band Soundgarden was nominated for another Grammy Award for their song Pretty Noose, which was the lead single from their album Down on the Upside released in 1996.
Just like the Illyrians, the Thracian tribes living in the mountains had a strong tradition of being brave warriors who ruled themselves. In contrast, the Thracian tribes that lived in the flat plains were thought to be more peaceful and less likely to fight.
Martin, on behalf of a smaller record company called EMIs Parlophone label, offered Epstein a contract. This was surprising because Epstein had already been rejected by almost every other big record company in the UK.
Some people think that he was a ruthless leader who only grew the economy by controlling the workforce through the military.
The two biggest groups in the European Parliament are the European Peoples Party and the Socialists and Democrats.
Before becoming a famous actor, he appeared in two notable movies: a comedy called Cant Hardly Wait (1998) and a romantic comedy called Heartbreakers (2001), where he starred alongside actress Sigourney Weaver.
When youre walking up the stairs, the part of the railing thats horizontal is called the overhang.
Stephenie Meyer is a famous American author who wrote a popular book series called Twilight, which is about vampires and romance.
Eudora Weltys book, The Optimists Daughter, won a very prestigious award called the Pulitzer Prize in 1973. She also received a special honor called the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which is one of the highest awards given to Americans.
In 1834, a French chemist named Jean-Baptiste Dumas discovered and identified a new chemical compound called chloroform.
In 2001, UNESCO recognized Jikji as the oldest known metalloid, a type of material that is a mix of metal and non-metal properties. This discovery was so significant that UNESCO added it to the Memory of the World Programme, which is a list of important historical documents and artifacts.
When a router is set up to allow private IP addresses to be shared among devices on a local network (like a home network), it can make it possible for someone outside the network to access a device on the network, even though the devices IP address is private and not publicly visible.
This bands music style is often compared to other popular bands like Echo & the Bunnymen, Joy Division, Interpol, The Chameleons, and U2. They all have a similar sound, which is a type of dark and moody music.
Uttwil is a town in a district called Arbon, which is part of the state of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Link is asked by Princess Zelda to secretly help her escape from the castle, so she can investigate the mysterious Tower of Spirits, where she thinks something strange is happening that might be connected to the disappearance of the Spirit Tracks.
Just like other animals that live in the ocean, sea snakes have a special way of dealing with the salt in the water. They eat a lot of food thats high in salt, and sometimes they accidentally swallow some seawater, which also contains a lot of salt. This helps them get rid of the extra salt in their bodies.
In December 1979, a group of high-ranking military officers, led by Major General Chun Doo-hwan, took control of the government from President Chois administration.
Are there going to be more violent protests in Rome? This might make Pope Gregory XI think about moving back to Avignon for a little while.
Plombières is a small town in a region called Liège, in a country called Belgium. Its located in a part of Belgium where people speak French, known as the Walloon region.
The 2004-05 NHL season was cancelled due to a disagreement between the league and its players, making the NHL the first professional sports league in North America to do so.
In the 1980s, New York Citys Manhattan was a major hub for the AIDS crisis, with a particularly high number of cases concentrated in the Greenwich Village neighborhood.
The home stadium of the football team Vålerenga is Ullevaal Stadion, which is also used by the Norway national football team.
The natural homes of this plant are in areas with mild winters and hot, humid summers, and in forests that have been damaged or cleared.
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha is a British overseas territory that also includes two other islands: Ascension Island and Tristan da Cunha.
The founder of the Wenlock Olympian Games, Dr. Brooke, borrowed ideas from the ancient Olympic Games that were held in Athens, Greece in 1859, and used them to create his own games.
The rage aura can be changed to look like different things, such as fire, lightning, or ice, by choosing different colors and special effects.
On April 1, the ancient Romans celebrated a festival in honor of Venus, the goddess of love and beauty, who was also known as the protector against bad behavior and vice.
A sit-in and a sit-down strike are similar, but they involve different groups of people. A sit-in is when a group of protesters, usually students or activists, occupy a place where they want to make a point, like a school or a store. They stay there until their demands are met.
The name of this place was chosen in August 2003, and it comes from ancient Norse mythology. In Norse mythology, there was a god named Mundilfari who was the father of two important gods: the goddess Sól and the god Mani.
When something needs to be changed or updated in a computer network, configuration and control operations are used to make those changes happen.
Other things that can impact ocean life are sunlight, the waters temperature, the pressure of the water, and how the water is moving.
He was involved with a local group that helps people in need. They are called The Rough Riders and they do a lot of good work. They visit hospitals and homeless shelters to give teddy bears to children who are sick or dont have a home.
Australia has won the championship in the Oceania Football Confederation four times. It has also participated in two FIFA World Cup tournaments, in 1974 and 2006.
In 1859, a group of climbers successfully reached the top of the Grand Combin, which is one of the highest mountains in the Alps.
Villablino is a town in a region called Laciana, which is part of the province of León in the state of Castile and León, Spain.
Sonora is a state located in the northwestern part of Mexico. It covers an area that is roughly the same size as the country of Syria.
On September 3, 1982, a plane called Pan Am Flight 759 crashed in a suburb of New Orleans, Louisiana, killing all 153 people on board and eight people on the ground.
During World War I, this medal was given to people who showed extraordinary bravery in the face of danger. This included soldiers, officers, and civilians who demonstrated exceptional courage. If someone showed bravery again, they would receive a special bar to add to their medal.
Aneurysms often happen in the blood vessels that supply blood to the brain and the heart. Specifically, they usually occur in the arteries that surround the brain, called the circle of Willis, and in the main artery that comes out of the heart, called the aorta.
After two years playing with the tigers, Peeters was selected by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1977 NHL draft. He was chosen 135th overall, but scouts were impressed by his skills and thought he had what it took to play in the NHL.
He was a very special person who was recognized for his outstanding achievements in football. In 2008, he was named the best college football player of all time by a popular sports channel called ESPN. Later, in 2011, he was also named the most iconic figure in the Big Ten Conference, which is a group of top colleges in the US.
Valery Gergiev is a famous Russian musician who was born on May 2, 1953. He is a conductor, which means he leads an orchestra, and he also directs opera companies.
As the story unfolds, it becomes clear that Maxs father was responsible for his mothers death, and that his grandparents, Grim and Gram, are extremely upset with him and worry that he might follow in his fathers footsteps.
In 2004, a scientist named [Name] was awarded a very special prize called the Nobel Prize. She shared the prize with another scientist named Richard Axel. They were recognized for their important work on how our bodies detect smells.
After finding out that Snow White wasnt really dead, the queen disguises herself as an old woman and tricks Snow White into eating a poisoned apple, which ultimately leads to Snow Whites demise.
The use of smiley faces and other emoticons (which are like little pictures that express emotions) has a long history that dates back to the 19th century. They were often used in casual and humorous writing to add a lighthearted touch.
Deposition is a process that adds new material to a landform, such as a mountain or a hill, over time.
Six different types of sea turtles visit the coral reef to mate and reproduce. These species include the green sea turtle, the leatherback sea turtle, the hawksbill turtle, the loggerhead sea turtle, the flatback turtle, and the olive ridley turtle.
Borsbeek is a small town located in the Flanders region of Belgium. Its part of the province of Antwerp, which is one of the three main areas in Belgium. The town of Borsbeek is the only place that makes up the municipality.
In 1930, a car powered by a diesel engine made a historic trip from Indianapolis, Indiana, to New York City.
Four of the bands original members came from the same hometown, Basking Ridge, New Jersey, and played music together in smaller groups while they were in high school.
Sir John Barbirolli was a famous British musician who played the cello and also led orchestras. He was born on December 2, 1899, and passed away on July 29, 1970.
Mines can be placed in various ways, including by specialized ships, submarines, planes, or even by dropping them into a harbor by hand.
Beyne-Heusay is a town in the province of Liège, in the region of Wallonia, Belgium.
When we compare the two versions of the text, we find that they are mostly the same, but theres a big difference in what they say about who started the conflict. The Hittite version says that the Egyptians asked for peace, while the Egyptian version says it was the other way around.
Most people use a program called Microsoft PowerPoint to create presentations. However, there are other options available, such as OpenOffice.org Impress, Apples Keynote, and Google Presentation.
This lake is one of many big lakes that stretch across the northern United States and into the northern part of Canada, near the Northwest Territories.
When youre writing about a news article, you should use this format to give credit to the original source. If youre looking for more information on how to cite sources in Wikipedia articles, check out the page on Citing Sources.
Baby insects, called larvae, have a special head part that is distinct from the rest of their body. They also have long, fleshy extensions on their belly that look like tiny tentacles, near the back of their body.
He was one of the most famous writers in Spain, and is often considered second only to another famous writer, Miguel de Cervantes.
Lets take a look at the statistics from the 1997-1998 season of the Austrian Football Bundesliga.
Santiago Solari is a professional soccer player from Argentina. He was born on October 7, 1976, in a city called Rosario. He currently plays for a soccer team called Peñarol in Uruguay.
The concert was attended by almost 400,000 people, which is a new record for the most people to attend a concert. Previously, Michael Jacksons concert had held this record.
Paul Felix von Weingartner was a famous Austrian musician who was born on June 2, 1863, and died on May 7, 1942. He was a skilled conductor, composer, and pianist.
Casanova was a famous Italian adventurer and writer who lived from 1725 to 1798.
Even though the old stadium where Arsenal used to play closed down in 2006, the train station that serves the area still has the same name. People who go to watch Arsenals games at their new stadium can still use this station, but its not as busy as some of the other stations on the same train line.
Australia is a very dry country with old, worn-out soil that doesnt hold much water. As a result, many of its rivers and streams dont flow into the ocean, but instead form closed systems that dont drain into the sea.
In physical geography, the tundra is a type of ecosystem where trees cant grow well because of the very cold temperatures and short growing seasons.
By March 2006, Anton had moved to Los Angeles, California, where he was living with his wife, Lesley, and their two kids, Ruby and Delphine.
This location is right next to Blackfriars Bridge, where New Bridge Street meets Queen Victoria Street. Its also part of the central area of London, which is covered by the Travelcard Zone 1.
A long time ago, about 160,000 years ago, there was a type of human called Homo sapiens idaltu that lived in Africa during the last ice age. Unfortunately, this type of human is now extinct, which means it no longer exists today.
A long time ago, a group of Christians called Sabellians believed that God the Father was the only one who truly existed, and that the other members of the Godhead, like the Holy Spirit, were just like God the Father.
Some of the students at this school were August Horch, Walter Bruch, Jørgen Skafte Rasmussen, and Gerhard Neumann.
Over 120 years ago, in 1898, a man named Caleb Bradham created a new soft drink called Brads Drink in his home in New Bern, North Carolina. He later changed the name to Pepsi-Cola, which is now a well-known brand around the world.
Short-beaked echidnas can live almost anywhere as long as there is a steady food supply available.
Supreme Commander is a type of computer game called a real-time strategy game. It was created by a game designer named Chris Taylor and his company, Gas Powered Games.
The first big storm of the 2006 season in the Pacific Ocean was called Tropical Storm Aletta.
Chepstow is famous for its old castle, which is the oldest stone castle in the whole of Britain. Its also home to a big horse racing track called Chepstow Racecourse, where they hold a very important horse racing event called the Welsh Grand National.
The show was originally 30 minutes long, but it was later extended to 45 minutes in 1976. Then, in 1977, it became a full hour long, starting on November 7th of that year.
In 1991, the orchestra changed its name to its current one because the city where it was based, Saint Petersburg, was officially renamed.
During a strong storm in New Orleans, Louisiana, winds blew at a speed of 70 miles per hour, causing many trees to fall over and flood the streets.
Nikodinov is the daughter of parents who came from Bulgaria and speaks Bulgarian very well.
Even after the museum opened, it was still officially part of the British Museum, and was called the British Museum of Natural History. Scientists usually referred to it as B.M. (N.H.) or BMNH.
January 1: A new Roman Emperor named Pertinax is officially declared the ruler of the Roman Empire.
In the movie, the main female character, Peggy Brandt, played by Amy Yasbeck, took on a more important role because Tina Carlyle, played by Cameron Diaz, was not present.
The University of Wisconsin-Green Bay is a public university located in Green Bay, Wisconsin, USA. Its part of a bigger group of universities called the University of Wisconsin System.
The Hydrogenothermaceae family is a group of bacteria that can survive in very extreme environments, such as hot springs or deep-sea vents.
Unlike his friends and fellow artists of his time, Goethe didnt think of darkness as just the absence of light. Instead, he saw it as a separate force that interacted with light, creating different colors and shades.
Orlando Peçanha de Carvalho, known as Orlando, is a retired football player from Brazil who used to play as a defender.
Some people, like the US Secretary of State at the time, Warren Christopher, and the US Ambassador to the UN, Madeleine Albright, criticized him for not doing enough to help people in crisis situations.
Some scientists have come up with a similar definition, but with a twist. They say that all theropod dinosaurs that are more closely related to birds than to a specific dinosaur called Deinonychus are considered birds.
When The Iron Sheik used a special move to grab onto a wrestler, Jim Duggan came up behind him and hit him with a heavy wooden plank, which caused The Iron Sheik and his partner Nikolai Volkoff to be disqualified from the match.
Until 1900, Axel Heiberg Island was home to the Inuit people, but it was uninhabited when it was first discovered by Norwegian explorer Otto Sverdrup.
Not many people know that he had a second career as a priest in the Anglican church.
William Stanley was a famous musician who lived from 1910 to 2010. He was a composer, which means he wrote music, and he was also very good at playing the organ and leading choirs in big churches, especially in the Anglican tradition.
Handels famous oratorio, Messiah, was written by George Frideric Handel and is based on a story written by Charles Jennens.
A musician named Brianiac Schmersal released a solo album under the name John Stuart Mill on a website called allmusic.com.
The Swahili people, also known as Waswahili, live mainly in the coastal areas of East Africa, including the coasts of Kenya, Tanzania, and the northern part of Mozambique. They also live on some of the islands in these countries.
The movie won a special award from a group called GLAAD, which recognizes films that include positive and respectful portrayals of LGBTQ+ characters and stories.
In 1945 and 1956, the New Jersey state government officially made Rutgers University the main university for the state of New Jersey.
When a tennis ball is hit, it can bounce twice before its actually hit again. The second bounce might even be outside the tennis court. All four major tennis tournaments, including the Grand Slams, offer wheelchair tennis.
Bobby Robson was recognized for his outstanding contributions to the sport of football.
Alfredo Mostarda Filho, also known as Alfredo, is a former professional soccer player from Brazil. He was born on October 18, 1946, in São Paulo.
He went to school in Moscow to study philosophy, and soon he started attending groups of people who had strong and radical ideas. These groups had a big influence on him, and he was especially inspired by a man named Alexander Herzen.
Born in 1857, Thorstein Veblen was an American economist who lived until 1929.
According to a historian named Anania Shirakatsi, who lived a long time ago (in the 7th century), the region of Tsopk (also known as Sophene) was the second-largest province in the country of Greater Armenia, which was made up of 15 different regions.
In July 1504, Michelangelo started working on a special project for Cardinal Raffaele Riario. He was asked to create a huge statue of the Roman god of wine, Bacchus.